5'9 Biracial Goddess 
Black&Italian 
Big hair don't care 
Dog lover (I have 3) 
Foodie 
Biology Major 

SC:Lucine.aurora Looking for an extrovert willing to adopt me  
Introverts welcome too!!
 really just looking for friends 
Please dont be boring 
 Add my snap  - Katiee_g101
Follow me on ig- uct_queen_
 Sassy New Yorker and low key cat lady. Also my roommate is a instagram celebrity and possibly a robot (?!) Lets talk over a glass of wine? playlists for every occasion Message me on my snap or Instagram because I rarely check my messages on here! 
Snapchat: Danalopez1999
Instagram: Saucy2418 Pronounce my name right then the dinner is on me. Actor. Writer. Scholar.
Tell me about your favorite book. a smile and a cheesy pick up line go a long way

pan

i  travelling -21
-53
-Puerto Rican and Dominican
-Psych and Linguistics major
-I love music and great company :) I have a pipe named Marshall. Loyalty
Nation: 
Snap: thaniafrancois
Instagram: thania_jacquet 
Height: 54 
If I dont answer you on this text me on snap or instagram. 
Need someone to treat me right
Looking for a serious relationship ( No Games )
Yes I know I have a baby face 
@sonni.chronic insta: imand123
 
 Soon to be math teacher 
Lover of thai food and sushi(key to my heart)
If you're just trying to hook up swipe left  Good on any MLK boulevard 
 
Looking to meet new people 52

College student Hey  Lola I dont know how to spell  pretty messy WADDUP im italian not spanish 
why are you all so boring ? legit dont use this. catch me on ig tho: @__melbae LA Native
Aubree is my middle name 611 and actually 80

ig @srwl 

 here because I wanna be more social and make friends! 
I love art and poetry 
I love piercings and tattoos 
 trying to get into photography 
 not a cool kid 
Lets link though Corny science jokes make me laugh  Make me laugh, let me play with your puppy, and talk to me about your pet peeves so we can complain to each other all day lmaooo 


Please DO NOT match with me if youre from Manhattan or the Bronx because I wont travel out to see you, so lets both avoid the aggravation lmaooo I love long conversations, penetrate my mind  Just ask  NYC  Brooklyn 
Nazareth College  Brooklyn College 
Always looking for new friends to make new memories! Goofy af, which makes up for the lack of height. I stand at a staggering 5 ft tall. I get called sweet and nice a lot so thats gotta count for something.  friendly. Your future fave real estate agent   chill&corny . Future social worker .    Haitian  and  an Aries . Hey! Let me find your birth chart and introduce you to my plants. Maybe you could come to one of my rugby games? If you dont have a skincare routine, Ill make you one.  from Brooklyn and it shows lol Memes encouraged IG: LeanneLanaye
Let's smoke  Free spirit.
violinist
Will definitely change your life.

Bisexual. Hypersexual (insatiable)

Bi/Queer/Lesbian: Looking for a gorgeous freaky FWB. We can be besties and occasionally fuck. All races are welcome 

Men: seeking MEN. Call me shallow but size matters and I like my men tall. I love all races (especially Asian men). Open to having a SD

If you're straight I'm looking for pretty female friends Ill come back to improve my bio some other time. 52 
Outgoing  This is the year of like, realizing stuff
*superlikes are accidental af Whats your theory for why we havent discovered aliens?

Home for winter break- lets hang 

Into astrology, dogs, feminism, Mac n cheese, and taking naps. . 

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=JFwG4yXLBAs Smart, Ambitious, Driven, Passionate, Caring and Loving individual here to meet new people and see where it goes.
PLEASE Be Respectful ** Its sad that I have to say this but IF YOU ARE JUST LOOKING TO HOOK UP SWIPE LEFT IM NOT HERE FOR THE BS AND IF YOU HAVE A GF STAY AWAY FROM ME ** Conspiracy theories & chill? Live for today.. Pray for tomorrow 

GOOD VIBES ONLY..
Daughter of God  Not currently looking for a relationship, mostly more of a friendship, but hey you never know what a friendship can turn into. I am a bit introverted and shy, but once we begin talking more I open up. I'm into fashion, art, makeup and music. I want to meet a person that I can explore new things with. Inbox me to know more. sometimes I sit on planes but most times its a couch and  playing video games  just tired of being mistreated. Swipe left if youre looking to cause me any further stress. I need comforting energy around me.  56 &  a Leo . 
Stoner 
 Snap: kaylaff728
Ig: kaylaniie 
Twitter: kaymaraa Plant based cooking
Mental health advocate 
Non monogamy
Knock knock joke enthusiast  Russian speaking 
*Must be a dog person* 19 and the goofiest girl ever.  
lookin for a lil boo to cuddle with & someone
wholl let me play w their hair 
add my snap: tdotfromig
ig: laur.xo_ Brooklyn/LI. Leftist. Lover of coffee and memes. 

Interested in friendships and/or more  it really be like that sometimes I'm tired of everyone's bullshit so if you here to waste time swipe left 

I'm just tryna make friends and go on cute dates pretty much.

IG: @twinnie_2short Testing my life line, what's your characteristic ?
I'm a Fan of Personality 

Looking for friendship 
 
Food is my gate way drug let's go out  I LOVE  :
FOOD
 diversity and languages 
 to have a good time 
 pets ( cats, dogs, turtles,  hamsters... etc.) 
 to take a stroll in the park 
 traveling 
 making friends 

I HATE PINK!!!

I am a very simple person. 

P.S. : I am very tom boyish and I like hanging out with my bro's 
** Oh, and I have a dog 
And if you can't handle "pitbulls" don't talk to me! 
French & English just here making my parents proud of my terrible decisions Surprise me and actually be about something. Not really sure what  looking for  almost down for everything. Belorussian  living in Brooklyn Follow me on instagram @_carissalei
I'm short 
4' 11"
Coffee Addict 
If you're looking just to hook up, please swipe left.  You cant catch me  the Gingerbread Man! Hi!
Hebrew name's Shoshana
Looking for someone to have interesting conversations, cuddle, and laugh together with:)
Tell me about your favorite book!
Love to paint, read, dance, listen to rockin music, kickbox, walk, and learn
 Staten Island girl looking to meet new people.  not the average girl from your video, and I aint built like a supermodel, but I learned to love myself unconditionally because I am a queen.. 
If I dont write back, DM me. Not usually the one to write you first. GO LORDS Looking for something serious, if you trynna play games please swipe LEFT 
Looking for that 666, if you know, youll know.

 addicted to boba 

IG: k.kell_11
Snap: itskellz23

Shawty w an attitude thats me  IG:kimbelaaa_ Looking to meet chill people
 into photography, painting, writing, astrology and anything creative really
Sagittarius Scorpio 
Gym junkie 
510 (cuz size matters) 
 photographer  
(@Portraitsbygoldie on insta)


This is all u Need to know 
For now. in nyc until 12/29 Another struggling college student, whats new?
 generic and like parks and rec & the office and will quote them religiously.
Ya gotta be down for karaoke.
I know the whole moana soundtrack by heart and I like Pixar better than Disney.
And I know far too many random facts to be socially acceptable. 
98.3% Puerto Rican; 1.7% tv show quotes.
very bi 

PS thicc with two cs. Dont waste my time if thats a problem for you. Although  an outgoing and adventurous woman, Id prefer a more easeful and quiet lifestyle...                                  I am a sucker for sweets (and tea, sometimes)                      I like to read books and do some illustration here and there. I also have pretty eclectic taste in music...                                                                          I simply want a positive and open minded individual to share this with  I'm a libra, a stoner, I love laughing and making people laugh and I love memes  not looking for anything serious  18 

if you thiccc like Mbaku (and the rest of the jabari tribe) hmu  
Insta: Jessiehana 
Gym junkie 
Puppy mom
Looking for a Michael G Scott amongst a bunch of Tod Packers.
Dont match with me if youre never going to talk Brooklyn Gal
 510 just in case youre wondering  I really like old cars (60s thunderbirds an chevys) , taro bubble tea and cats. No hookups, looking for something real. If you have enough patience to go shopping with me and help me remember things swipe right.
I delete this app a lot so if you actually like me dm me on insta  _carnerd
 52 Love music 
Issa Soca junkie 
Born in Montreal 
Raised in the beautiful Caribbean island of Saint Vincent 
Lives in Brooklyn, NY 
I have a little diva name Cleo 

Here for friends 
Here to vibe with others if it leads to more,  also open to that Kiss me if I'm wrong but dinosaurs still exist right? NY til Jan 11th In NY for a couple weeks.
Lets hangout and show me around? 

Non monochromatic and a hopeless romantic. A fiction reader, desginer and a tempting baker.  Touring the US and Canada! Looking to make some new friends Just a Brooklyn girl who has a soft spot for brunch, iced coffee, the Midwest, and shotgunning 

Studying Film Production My bully from middle school super liked me so I guess its all downhill from here I think  a fun person but  a little biased. I am shy tho so  probably not gonna message first 

Sc: shou_shouu Failure isnt an option, and I will forever grind! Want to know more about me, ASK:) Oh and if you looking for hook ups  NOT the one! Dont try to bribe me cause I got my OWN Chill with me 
Lookin for a rave bae maybe If all you want is a hookup, swipe left. Hi my name is Gaelle (guy-L).  follow me on instagram @_randomaselle

420 friendly, enjoy photography, and binge watching shows and movies. 
NO HOOKUPS!

Sometimes Ill swipe right on you just because of your /

Sometime I feel like Kevin, then I realize  really Dwight  Exploring. Fashion. Dad joke enthusiast. Wine and plant lover The only thing I'm prejudiced against are Walmart dad jeans.  here for a good time not along time but for real tho I live in Florida lol but like I cant do casual sex like that so lets be friends first okay? Okay
My ig is :uhzoraa
I miss my dog more than my soul OH -NY 

I drink a lot of wine Actually 19 
Make me laugh and I'm yours  Brooklyn native
Vincy 
59  omo naija 
 not having sex with you , swipe left baby boy
New Friends 
Add my PSN: SusanSusie17 Just moved back home Just follow my insta : @kit.kat.__ Am I A Catfish? 
Guess youll find out.... idk. whatchu wanna know? 
Shoot your shot. just your fave puerto rican dancing queen Gryffindor  but shy 

The One True Morty 



Honestly I'm a terrible texter but I'm down to FaceTime 

Guyanese-American #foreign

Ask me anything

I be bored  

The longer I stay on this the more I believe that men are trash... 

I wish black ppl would unite and defend ourselves from all those who mean to destroy us.
Instead of helping them get rid of us by hating one another....Love yourself and your people and lets see what we can accomplish from there Not interested in hookups
New friends?  Ill figure out what to write later

Not to good at responding to messages give me 3-5 business days

(If you follow me on IG or know me personally swipe left and pretend you dont recognize me) I accidentally banned myself lol  74  
267 lbs
Actually 65 idk why it says 21
Tell me cool space facts and conspiracy theories.
Brownie points if you know a pun/dad joke that i havent heard yet. memes and tg Grad student at SUNY Albany

Dont swipe right if you wont drink gin with me Being average is for lames ! 

Full of good vibes 
Movie dates and out to eat 
    Black, white, purple, or green idgaf 
   
SC @ashley_tesfaye  sad bitch but a fab bitch

All I wanna do is *gunshot* *gunshot* *gunshot* *cash register noise* get some   + 

I know a thing or two about a thing or two

Computer Engineering major 

Hmu on insta @ania.jeanette Shit Id date me I want a boyfriend or something  Books  + 

But seriously... whats your favorite scary movie ? utterly useless in a zombie apocalypse cause I cant drive, swim, or bike  Trynna chill to my Spotify playlist? My " Name" is from Billy and Mandy
It's cool to like my makeup,hair, style ( or ect. ) , but if you don't want to date/have a relationship,Don't swipe right. Follow me @going.ghost_danny.phantom, saves us both time 
 I'm an art major and a barista
[ All I want is a soft loving relationship with an aggressive and kinky undertone ] NO HOOK UPSNO COUPLES [DUMB COUPLES CAN'T READ THO] 
When you are the Big Goth titty GF, who do you look for when everyone is looking for you?
 Hi!  a respectful, hard working, fun, goofy, creative woman  it's all about the memories and the laughs 
ig: moriomm_ Bro literally? I wanna smash and be your friend! Thats all, boop! Living My Best Life  Hey, I paint and sketch. 
INFJ



 
Aries 
52
NYC
Psychology Major 
Goofy Af 
Snap and IG: @tiny_monterow Follow me on IG: Saritaa.Xo 
 neverrrrrrrrrrrr on this. Get my attention by following my IG and showing some love.  cccclllllllllaaaaaaAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE

All I want is a vanilla cone with rainbow sprinkles

Some edibles would be cool too tho IG-jenny_lachingona i like swimmers & i need a duos partner in fortnite :) Traveller to NY for Christmas & New Years w/time to kill & exploration to be done

Pansexual

Need a personal trainer

Student Actress Part-time zombie
Geeky Pretending to be cute

Loves animals Loves food Loves tea

P.S. Killing Floor 2 is the best game ever Russian 
19 years old
I live in New York, looking for some friends:))
I like fashion,drawing,photography, I love asain culture. Text me, let's be friends!!! 
 neue acct who dis

into: women who make moves 

sapiocurious

no cops, no soldiers 510 - Fit- Foodie I like cute dates and talking about life
I'm a tiny person
I need new friends oops
Instagram: twin_4  From Seoul and just moved to NYC! 
Looking for someone to get a coffee together and dog watch at the park  The last photo was caught mid-laugh (which I do quite often), might as well warn you from now  californian girl  if i super liked u, it was probably an accident...or was it ? Keep it real with me thats all I ask 
 
22*** Thick &Hispanic  
No hookups (18)
 here to meet other weirdos so try and match my weirdness  also looking to see where the wind takes us 

Tad bit of a dork, just a tad. 

A smol bean (51) and a goofball
Sloths are my spirit animal 
 pretty much a teddy bear
Anime
Horror movies
Drawing 
Memessssssssssssssssss
Video games 
Crystal healing, meditation, & yoga 
Sleeping 
And eating myself into a food coma

Can I punch your face...with my lips?

(P.S. ask me to send nudes and Ill send my foot up your ass) Brooklyn. Looking for a biking/running buddy and a math teacher. Also someone whos not dating 7 people at the same time.

Jag talar lite svenska.

g er a lra slensku

I look at your Spotify If youre looking for regular,  not her.

Makeup, Netflix & Chilling, Going Out, Eating, Exploring, Traveling, Volunteering, etc.

Send me a better message than Hi !!

Yes my hair, body and lips are real!!! Were #TeamNatural over here !!

Having a good sense of humor is a must though, dont send me any dry ass jokes cause I love to laugh and if you cant make me laugh & smile ISSA NO !! Her: A web marketer
Him: A warehouse manager
Lets toast to a fun fab night out Music
52 thickums 
Please be able to hold a convo
Mainly on this because  bored but you never know If you're only looking for a hook up I suggest you swipe left....you got the wrong girl
  
ask me anything Here for a wholesome good time, not a long time I like hot pants and hot ass (not the sweaty kind) 
I like my music And I like playing with my lights (preferably in the color red, and SZA on a good day)
I like my camera (because I am a photographer)

Also down for art friends + to talk about light Design. Check out my room project   very laid back I love to laugh, read, cook & eat. For any other information dont be shy say hi. 

                         ( from Brooklyn) bi, vegetarian, and haitian (-american)

I rarely swipe right on men Math major but cant do basic math 
Instant ramen > gourmet ramen 
57 when I stand up straight Waste my time like everyone else 

Insta: caitlyn__m activist/creator  Smiling through life Tex-Mex Syrian Jewess 
Painter/Printmaker/lover of memes  Cutest bbw ever 
 I am groot 
Why am I the only person obsessed with Sam Smith and Daniel Caesar ? New York born and raised. I like doing anything active almost as much as I like eating.  a huge Harry Potter nerd! Dogs>Cats. Coffee>Tea. Wine>Beer. Books>Movies. 

P.S these pictures are old. I now have a pixie cut 57 |  | insta: esi._ | i want a jewish boy who goes to temple and reads his torah Graduate student.
Fashion, writing & art are my passion.
I get bored easily.
Looking for something different, maybe Ill find it in here
No weird shit PLSS Yes,  a girl named Tyler. 

 59 (sorry). Computer Science And Pre-Med Major, Pianist, Photographer, and aspiring polyglot.
 just here to meet new people. INFJ
Capricorn 
Hufflepuff 
Feminist
Christian

I could fill a book with my feelings on sunsets

Take me to a museum or aquarium pls

Looking for a mind at work

Just an ex-emo kid trying to live in an ex-emo world 

What's something you'd tell yourself from 5 years ago? Do you think you would have listened? Pittsburgh/NYC

 Musician!

Break my heart so I have a song to write probably eating goldfish right now  If  gonna work in the city, why not date too?  half salvadorian and half asleep Only tall guys, cause  56  Come home with me after a night out and well make food in our mismatched pajamas. Well talk about the latest celebrity gossip and before you even know it, we venture into analyzing everything and how it has shaped us. Then well brush our teeth and go to bed, happy to have found each other in this very strange time in history.  I drink a lot of water
ethiopian Movies, sci-fi, and politics are cool.

There should be a Star Wars trilogy focused entirely on Poe and BB-8 and their adventures with other Resistance pilots.

I write about New York politics and enjoy hiking because deadlines don't matter in nature.

Permanently Tired and looking for someone to listen to Queen bootlegs with. fake blonde but dont tell anyone ! 24 | 5'7" 
Cancer  
Visiting from AUS 

Where's a good place for a drink in NYC  Let a bitch know... tired of getting this bread
the bread has gotten me

pls dont let me go into 2019 without airpods  Spontaneous chocolate lover temple u alum
nyc : laura.creaven
: lauwacweaven I'm Ari! I love playing video games, watching YouTube videos, shitposting on Facebook and sleeping lol. Hmu if you wanna hang out. (Btw if you have a pet, you win) Dyker heights local. INFP  my life is a meme and memes are my life. My hair is now faded purple! Gauges are 0g tunnels  Let's play League together! I just quit smoking weed(pray for me) I love animals too much. One piece is my fav anime! College dropout (rip) Ask me about my tattoos!
**disclaimer; I'm definitely fatter in person My dog lives better than I do. 

I love all things Harry Potter and Mindy Kaling, and spend my free time planning trips I cant afford  Transgender queen

Rihanna enthusiast

Crazy idea: we actually respond to each others messages Brooklyn girl, sales professional, foodie, whisky, autobiographies, and yoga lover Sorry I overslept Trans woman
insta: french_linkup

From Thailand, studying at Parsons

Me: exist

Tinder man: you are man whether you like it or not. Fucking disgusting degenerate. If I say I am a fish.. does that make me a fish? Now come suck my cock you big man bitch ... message me. Issa vibe Journalist | Yoga Teacher | Holistic Nutritionist 

Living in NYC
IG: omwithak From Chile  Pretty sure this is pointless, but Cest la vie  here anyway because  a masochist (not the sexual description). Fick mein leben 

Also if we match, say something. Totally promise not to unmatch you just because you said hello. I love wine and I hate beer Any New Years Eve plans in NYC shout me! appreciates good bread, interesting pants, and strange animals Spain
Esa carita sexy te la compro All throughout the day I let anyone who wants to go down on me. I let them go in and out as much as they want. What am I?........if you know the answer direct message me on my IG my username is....aliciax88  
(dogs name is Hazel)
Brooklyn, NY born and raised

If you were a greek god, who would you be and why? :) Fine art ( paintings), memes, Art cinema and everything else. Jay, 22
Aquarius 
I like to
Work, Bong, Eat, Sleep
Repeat I'm only tryin to get someone to take me to a Drake concert tbh...
Instagram: mayafidelia Dominican
Bx 
5'7
Single
Instagram: Ana.lng 
Better chance adding me on Instagram tbh. 22 Looking  20, I just got back from studying in England as part of a program.  finishing up school back in NYC

 not looking for a hookup or fwb

Not much going on over there but my IG is ajkd_xo  Certified ambivert 

Looking for a mate who wont take offense to my blatant sarcasm... Movies>life 

Born and raised in France, lived in Punta Cana (DR) and now NYC/LA

I enjoy an occasional cigarette and not so occasional cocktail/wine.

I like to feel challenged and learn from other people. Ill always want the person I date to know more than I do in order to grow and expand my mind (in some capacity).  sure Ill teach you a thing or two as well.

If you care (which you shouldnt) 52
ig- @kimbonifay Queens 
 Majoring in exercise physiology and  a fitness and food lover ;)

Instagram: abalicious_ @fatherleena Next question  Just a typical kinky sub profile, searching for the elusive (good) Dom guys. 

But still a multifaceted normal (well.. mostly normal) person with real thoughts and *gasp* feelings. 

Humanitarian 
Yogi  
Chef  
Pescatarian  
Hiker  
Gamer 
Dog AND cat lover   
Ex model  
Fashionista  
Healer  (not the religious kind) david schwimmer hates me @jessthefinesse__ i wish i was stupid thick, but im just stupid Do yourself a favor and swipe left if youre looking for a hookup.  I like food, I like traveling, I like food Vodka enthusiast, hockey psycho, puppy lover. My favorite words are spooky, kinky, belly, and walnut.

I like music, ceramics, and open minded people. I have a pretty neat lava lamp. I like to read, cook, and bike. I also have a vast sticker collection.

also: blink 182, talking heads, Wes Anderson, weed, Miyazaki Sometimes its my friends swiping and not me. 
Uber rating: 5.00  Whats your favorite Family Matters episode? They told me I could be anything, so I became an accountant  My cigar guy tells me I'm a pro. My golf guy .... not so much ! 
Not necessarily a lawyer but l would love to argue!
I have never had absinthe , need a volunteer to try it with me. 
Bonus points if you have an unhealthy obsession with futurama! Really into cheese, soccer, Indian food, books, and lots of other things

Bonus points if you can teach me Spanish Dates and feelings. Just moved to Central Valley and I work in the City.  going to change the world and if youre not with that keep swiping ( rarely on this so follow my instagram and dm me) Like to travel, eat, and make new friends. 
If you buy me salt and vinegar chips I wont say it but I secretly love you  Gemini 
An adult who loves Disney, yes  a pass holder. 
Tattoos 
We have to be able to flirt and roast each other, ya know? Balance. 
I dont smoke  
Add me on Snapchat: kiss_myinkk DOMINICAN 
56 
Love Food // 612 im just really bored ok Nevada girl in a Nevada world here to disappoint my parents but also maybe invite you to a holiday dinner Aussie  in Manhattan  until 8 Jan 2019

(Yes I had to write it out bc your date format confuses me) 

Show me around, and Ill teach you all about *down under*  Insta jodieneild16 Just moved to NYC -looking for someone adventurous to hang out with + show me around 

Motivated/ goal oriented people are 

If you have a cat feel free to swipe left  Cofc 2015. Kappa Alpha Theta. 4th grade teacher. New to NYC. Workout enthusiast. Wino and foodie. Hokie. Yogi. 53. World traveler. Love to spend time with the people who mean the most (friends and family)! 

Looking to meet a good guy who shares the same interests

Not on here for hooking up. Looking to meet someone. From chicago only in NY for a little
Ig: shiza2000
Snap: shizahyder these violent delights have violent ends

an italian-jewish psychedelic fever dream from NYC

-I live in LA lol just visiting- Save a horse, ride a cowboy Would prefer a walk in the park over drinks in a bar Home for the holidays 
Freshman, go to school in Texas 
Love good energy and vibes 
Italian. Columbian  and Spaniard 
Just say hello and we will go from there :) Please help me reach 500+ connections on LinkedIn 

 /  
Venmo: Adelina-Latinsky-Ortiz  a great wedding date

This app is listed in my games section

Bad habits include searching for adoptable huskies in the New York City area I'm not like the other girls who aren't like the other girls 

And I'm really good at making breakfast I bet I roll my eyes better than you life-ruining Aquarius


teach me something new.. Current Relationship Status: Made dinner for two. Ate both. Here to have fun and good time
Need someone to go out with ! Visiting NY and dont know where to go! 
 IWU20
Home is 
IG: houda_guechati Love yourself!!!! Burned my hair in April... still recovering  Entertaining gentleman around the Big Beautiful world  
Stripper HostingParty
Mamimulyani@icloud.com Pisces   medical student  Britney Spears wannabe  dog mom
Snapchat: beaaspears 
From Brazil, wanting to meet some ppl until  gone. if u show me ur music ill show u mine Ig: em_breton Talk to me nicely please  super interested in those whom I have no mutual interests with, will be drunk every time you see me as a coping mechanism, etc. I am E-Motion-All
Even though I front a lot
I crush a lot

A Gem  in every way 
Film Producer | Editor 
Brooklynite
Vegan AF 
Fucking Shit up since '92 NYU Alumna. 

Looking for great convos and new ppl to meet/hangout with.

Not into hookups or FWB

Also if Black Lives Matters offends you, kindly swipe left.

Insta: @miss.melanated 
Ask me anything 

 Lets get tacos I dont know how to respond to: hey whats up Snapchat: dayse.perez 
Introduce yourself, you will be deleted. I dont do strangers. 
Dont be cocky; yet confident. For a biology student, I suck at bios  |   | 53 | aries  | NJ-NY. umd20
If you like bad girls I'm literally bad at everything 20//5'4 
If we match feel free to message me through social media so I actually remember to respond.. 

Always between ny & va & fl

moving to NY in February  (an totally looking for friends to hangout in the city with!!)


If youre not down for adventures dont bother . 

low key just wanna be a housewife my dude 

 real estate
 Fashion
 traveling 
 blogging

Snapchat/Instagram: MissDaMonet 5 ft and never on time 
I burn candles and drink tea Rare bird, catch me while you can.

Not thicc, sorry




Dont even try it if youre one of those its hard being a man in 2018, consent is so confusing hicks- Ill go along with it until I meet your parents just so I can tell them they raised a fucking disappointment.






Bring me trimmings of your houseplants so that I can propagate them. -  Brooklyn native, 58, LOVES ANIMALS, R&B, classic rock, heavy metal, edm/trance/techno & good vibes  
- Proud bird mama 
- Not looking for anything too serious right now  but  definitely looking for a date on New Years Eve so  not kissing a bottle of Patrn again  From Spain   

Sagittarius just trynna ball with my bros NOLA born. 
NYC living. 
SOUL traveling.

Looking for someone who can reach the items on the top shelf. i have a headache 
#Travel #Crossfit #Rock Climbing #Brazilian Jiujitsu #Stand Up Paddling #Scuba Diving
 Follow me on IG // Kiara.Elise
Ca$h App me  $KiaraEliseP Tattooed | 
Fluffs, horror movies, music, Pokmon, cartoons, being (sometimes overly) talkative.




/ no hook-ups  Food 
Family 
Fitness 
Wine 
Coffee
Traveling 
Music 

Looking for positive vibes ! Attorney.  Looking for an escape from work. mildly interesting
ig/twitter @skreetfighter 23. 5'8. New Zealander.




ig: nadjrr
 I smile with my eyes closed.
Always looking for concert buddies, hiking partners, psychological thriller fans and funky food enthusiasts.
...
For a science major,  really bad at bios.       511 

ig: @oliviagaruba 23 years old
Puerto Rican, Cuban, and Ecuadorian
College of Mount Saint Vincent 
i don't really know what to say here, seriously
 French girl living in Quebec - 
Currently in New York for a few days! Looking forward to meeting new people!
Alternative music / traveling / hiking TALK TO ME NICE OR DONT TALK TO ME  World Traveler/Disney Princess/Mermaid currently living undercover as an executive assistant. ig: @kelsoramz I'm 19 not 20. 
NYC - Kiev - Paris 
Studying in Paris. Learning French. 
If I don't respond don't be mad, tinder gets opened only on wine nights. 









insta: stasiya.ua I never use this sober lol also I love art , fashion and black guys 51                                                                  NY af                                                                                                           Harry Potter af                                                                Take me to Waffle House                                       Snapchat: Ionya


Buy your side hoe something off my depop https://www.depop.com/iyana_t Aquarius  always dtf  lets snuggle up and watch hockey

(just looking for my Auston Matthews) "I'm held captive by this hole inside, but this same hole keeps me alive. It makes me seek for a reason to survive and while I'm searching for it I find many others to actually enjoy life." - Can you guess who said that?  Indian, adopted and Jesus follower. Olivia
I really don't know what to expect from here, so anything goes... Irish in New York  girl live in.

A Lover of eating, outing and talking.
also... music, movie, books, art, theater.

A worker and also a dreamer;) From Sweden with love (ask anything about my beloved country) Musician. Future educator. Animal lover. Baker. Painter. Ukulele enthusiast. Find your way into my heart with a solid dad joke.  but do you really know? From Cali. In NY for a week

Random facts about me.

I like taking random trips. 
Weekends equal fun. 
My dog is my child. 
Arts and crafts are my thing. 
I work with special needs children. 
I like to cook/bake.
I can people watch all day. Just battling my way through existential dread one day at a time. 

I like coffee and tv. 

 special talents: breathing air  Ig: trzciinska yeeeeeeeeer MN -> NYC ( visiting my parents in Minnesota for the holidays)

My dog is coming back to New York so  looking for a dog dad. 

Just trying to get hitched so I can waste my fortune on a nasty divorce instead of camping gear and sweaters. 

Peace and Justice Studies/Sociology and Anthropology

52 Hey...
 pretty annoying but...
Snap me: rachellovato99  Lost in New York till the 30th

 Instagram: mauriiina NO kids
Work all day everyday 
Capricorn
NO BAD ENERGY 
Just here for GOOD conversations & GOOD VIBES  A connoisseur of modern pop culture  Food and weed make me happy
 Ladies dont be shy Hey im a acting/vocal student in nyc

Just a curious and fun loving girl who likes to have fun :)

Staying in manhattan 

LADIES ONLY: any other ladies love disrespectful af and graphic af dirty texts?? Like it secretly turns me on so fucking much haha, especially if the guy is persistent about it and especially if he starts the conversation off inappropriately and disrespectful and filthy. Just me? Like its a problem  Hufflepuff 

 I did that whole rebellious  cutting my hair off sort of thing and now regretting and and growing it out. 
Also i think bios are stupid because i never know what to write.... butttttt

I am a 
Northeastern Student
UX designer
Easy going person  Two truths and one lie:
I have a thing or two for blondes. 
I want to go ice skating. 
I hate dogs. 

IG: Jennnnng_ Bi 5ft if it matters .-. 
I am on the chubby side ~ 
I am actually 18 fb got my age wrong ;-;
I am down to cuff or just talk and make friend *^* I just wanna cuddle 
not down to fuck
Anime  
I love oversized hoodies  if u r missing one, I probably have it >u< 
If u want to talk just message me first  I am too shy 
Idk I am pretty bored :3 Not really 26, i am 20 I am not on here lookinq for a one niqht stand I am lookinq for someone I can start a friendship with & maybe it can become more serious in the future who knows ? 
*  25 
* I have a two year old son
* I dont smoke I drink socially 
* Anythinq you wanna know feel free to ask.. I am a graduate student from Brooklyn who enjoys writing and cooking. Love creative and humorous people!  (Currently live in NJ, looking to make some friends!) -soccer
-UNF biomedical science  Physician assistant 
- guitar / piano
- confidence not arrogance 
- love the outdoors 
- Christian 
-Gym
- sarcastic
- FiFa 
- Red Sox all day baby 
-reading 
- shy at first but  super duper cool  
- looking for friends to hang out new to the area. Grab some wine / drinks. Forensic patho/anthro major 
  Natural Science, Art, & a lot of other things. Lets share our rock collections with each other and make forts.
 
You cant sum up a person in a few words so tell me about yourself Not looking for one hit wonders, but one hit stunners. Be the chill beyond the Netflix. 

Creating an adult content social media site
African American, Native American, Romanian and Russian Jew (I get asked too much)
5'7 (YIKES!) 

You should be happy, my parents used their exhibit, to showcase their artwork to you. Remember no flash! No tender shit pls distract me from writing my thesis Lazy perfectionist and dog-lover. Please swipe left if you're not Ray Romano. People compare me to April Ludgate.
The more men I interact with the less I want to interact with them.

 mostly gay. No, I do NOT want to have threesome with you are your boyfriend.

My taste in music is quite eclectic. 

Favorite smell is petrichor. Student
Lower Manhattan

That about sums it up Looking for someone who gets my Vine references.

CT/NYC Short and a crazy dog lady 
Not really sure why  on here new york  salt lake  hong kong  singapore / uiuc 2021 

big fan of concerts, sneakers, memes, web dev, linguistics, n shitty disaster movies :-) Later word ik gelukskoekjesschrijver   
 Californication

 IG // _iamkaylavee | I will most like answer you on Instagram than here. 

Music, Fashion, & Traveling ! 

I enjoy spontaneous adventures that will be consider as an experience or escape from reality !

Top 5 TV Shows | AHS, Rick & Morty, Blindspot, Star, This Is Us

Work in FiDi Always like a squirrel, looking for a nut - Armando Christian Pitbull Prez NYC born and raised
Half chinese half some kinda white
UB Intended Nursing 2020 Tiocfaidh r l 

52 

Social Work UCC 

Pipe Blower  rusted root isnt rusty at all
they/them
  not on here to fuck so dont HMU for that but ummm add me on snap @ yannnnnaaaaaa  and get to know me !!!  odeeeee cool and alittle too nice Pisces  
Dominican 
Bronx NY 
Music & movie lover 
All about books 
5'3 
Looking for a relationship  Coming from Missouri. Studied abroad in Jordan. Recently moved to NYC. Currently work at the Mayors Office. Looking to meet new people. Love desserts, cocktails, Broadway and genuine conversations

Dont know how to use chopsticks

In need of a vacation, any suggestions? Vet tech in the making
Probably will end up liking your pet(s) more than you. New York, New York Vegetarian Animal lover  

Looking for a guy 59 or tallerMessage me, ask me on a date, and lets see where it goes! Jaime les filles Two truths and a lie:
 a nutrition major 
Ive done the worlds highest bungee jump 
I have a twin brother If you're blonde, you get a brownie point.
ig: dnllpnmb Studying nutrition 
Vegan  
Not drinking 
Russian Tired of my grandma asking why I dont have a boyfriend 
Live the life you deserve. 
Ig: __kathia__ aries fallen angel from seattle to brooklyn.

trans gender nonconformist queer. i promise im sweet and not uptight. love learning and will fight for injustice anywhere and everywhere. i dont drink or smoke. love herbs, veggies n art. If you like pia coladas  Lets see..  intelligent, beautiful and witty. What else could you ask for? 
 extremely spontaneous 
Snap - xoxomwahli 
My smile is contagious, I swear 
When one thing goes wrong everything goes wrong, its been scientifically proven and backed by the USDA 
You cant play me if I already know whats going through your mind 
Neuropsychologist B.S 2022 M.S 2023 Is it socially acceptable to pet dogs on the street? 
Llama Bell Emote is the best emote in Fortnite, change my mind
Actually 18
 I just moved here to nyc on sep from Tokyo wanna make friends and have a cup of coffee , explore this exciting city and I can teach you Japanese maybe

Check me on instagram:) Yankee fan, amateur baker, feminist, former/future world traveler but current law student, so give me a reason to leave the library and lets go for a drink? 

More likely to be found at brunch than on a hike  From France ive been disappointed my whole life so youve got nothing to lose Lover of dogs and dumplings N Y C  I like Kpop, anime, and all that typical stuff. I like to game every now and then. I try to eat a lot but my stomach doesn't agree often, but good food is good! I'm also quite a knuckle head, clumsy and all of that. Eng Lit Education major. Canadian visiting the big apple... any recommendations? Dinner?  I like to think  funny, but I know  not. 
looking for a potential sugar daddy, jk. Hi friends Musician 

 on the left in both photos! Send me the name of a song that you love.

I love nature, lifting, and motivated individuals. If youre emotionally intelligent, I already like you. Passionate about all things jazz, dogs, and elections. macaroni and cheese  In New York for 17 days - show me your fav spots! 

Exchange student from Sweden studying law in Boston. I like to fika. I need supervision

Also send me memes Attorney. NYC. Cat lady. Ruski
I like redheads  I'm just looking to make some friends and have a good time   Super cool. Super interesting. rarely use this app kindly slide a dm
ig: @fearless.ri
sc: fearless.ri Brand Strategy and Design

Art History & Economics

@katiesidhu Looking for someone to tell me which caterpillars are poisonous

Costco members to the front Aspiring OMS. Cool vibes only Tinder is my second favorite dating app behind LinkedIn

  fun fact: i have freckles on my tongue I want some friends first
After that
Smoking is nice
Cuddling is nice
Kissing is nice Here for a change of view during the festive season. And cocktail bar recommendations. Just moved here so you should show me around! 

Warning you now, Ill probably show you 73635277262 pictures of my dogs.

I hate tinder small talk but I like coffee and drinks so lets do that instead! 

I hope you like short girls
 a mamacita looking for a papichulo 
Shoot your shot 
Brooklyn| 5ft | Latina 
art, spirituality, fashion, beauty. mezcal, wine, tattoos, weed, and fries 

Instagram: @ezbeidyb **19
nyc // cuse 
wish I was cool enough to think of something creative to put here Wild kitten, let nature explore you. Chameleon soul, to weird too live to rare too die I like cherries.
I just wanna make some pals.
I put the fun in functioning alcoholic. CA-->NY My days of being a voracious slut are coming to a close. I had my fun fucking random men, I had more fun fucking random women. I tried to say I wanted casual sex when sometimes I did, but mostly I truly wanted intimacy and to find my life partner, which I failed at doing. I have become sick of waking up blackout drunk next to a man that I feared would kill me. Therefore my focus on tinder has changed: Looking for relationships 


Queer
I don't use alcohol or drugs
I will still meet you at a bar Eat sleep yoga repeat Design. Scoot. Metal stuff.

*always wants to learn new skills*
Open to collaborations, designers, stylists, models,.... Hi im Cesi will i ever stop talking ab being abroad? The only dealbreaker for me is cargo shorts. Don't wear them 
 Yo Mechanical Engineering at UC
Amos/ig: lexiwasan  Global citizen. Friend of animals everywhere. Tea lover. Full time hair cutter part time disaster I was born and raised in Guyana 
Hate inconsiderate people Just moved to the city  26
new york
other stuff
im new at this and not good at all, clearly
hello? lol :) :) :( :) In nyc during the holidays, please recommend me some places to go to Insta: alekcandra_c Dominican
Brooklyn  
Criminal Justice Major
Snapchat love_johancy

I'm very outgoing and super funny, honestly if you can make me laugh then your already off to a great start. I am single and planning on staying that way unless I find somebody worth being with  and please don't text me asking if I want to fuck... cause the answer is No  

Oh yea and no Trump followers 
So everybody looking for friends on here?!  i'm from Singapore & nope, Singapore is not in China  // love travelling but hate the long flights.

not here to make anything else than friends, swipe right if you're not tryna fuck.  Georgia girl in the Big Apple.  

Just moved, so show me your favorite spots. 

 Believer in equality on all levels.  just kidding..unless youre down. 21
Above average sandwich maker assistant to the regional manager 

just looking 4 a little love <3

now accepting sugar daddy applications  i take photos of naked people n care a lot ab hydration

wesleyan 20, in nyc for a month

queer, non-monog, good girl 
insta: @drinkmorewater666 I like beer, cheese, and philosophy, preferably all at the same time

From NYC but I go to uni in Scotland

Dont care how tall you are cause  always the shortest person in the room wine and puppies make me happy. 53.Scorpio. Outgoing and fun
Seeking a gentleman, kind and generous  lets get drunk and eat good food i foster kittens and battle fascism online

i always remember to wash my hands after going to the bathroom

israel is a fake apartheid nation

@jewezz on insta Listen here whoever may be reading this I'm looking for someone to sing with me because its really hard to sing all the parts to fergalicious and I get out of breath... And I might just serenade you with my guitar. Also. Pizza and froyo. 

 I rly like pick up lines LOL my name is grace but you can call me tonight teach me something.

not a cat lady. insta @420gigi & @gigisvintage
occasionally on tinder and lives in her own dream world but its really nice there  Whiskey Sour
Skate
Drawing & Graffiti 
Streetwear
Insta: memenutt looks like I missed the tinder field trip to Machu Picchu



manhattan

@_mmadz Invite me to your New Years Eve party Looking for LSD . Swipe right if you want me to send you some depression memes ;) Born and Raised in CaliforniaCLE
Forensic Nursing Student
5'4 it was between this and giving up so here i am. 
requirement: height must be above 59
snapchat- fallukes 
insta- vanessss98
Twitter- v_fallucca Send me a funny gif I love eatingtraveling, movies shoppingshishaand Cat!

IG : natashanes88 TOKYO
Art Director

books, art, museum, archtecture, movie, stroll, plants, netflix, beeeeer
IG:_suekko


 Dont be shy
Ig: a.djxx aspiring nurse/milf, whichever comes first. I've already named our three kids! Couldnt find anyone to come to the ballet with me at Target, so here I am.

Columbia University 2020 Fix your eyebrows, then we'll talk. OU '19 Looking for someone to hold my phone while I watch Tasty videos until I fall asleep

Duke Civil Engineering '17
Lehigh Structural Engineering '18G professional passenger, your go-to listener, your foodie buddy, your best hypeman, i like to watch transformers movie series when im bored. Lets be friends! I am - woman in art business, easy to talk, open-minded

I appreciate when you - respect me, have some unique things about yourself, be spontaneous, be intellectual

Good date/human-bonding: SupportiveEnthusiasticConsiderate

No hookup plz Hufflepuff
Vape nation 

Ask me about my theory on bigfoot while we grab a drink. Or lets go to a museum and hold hands. 

Currently seeking a big spoon for the winter

Send me cheesy pick up lines so I know its real. 19 not 20
I am psych student who isnt interested in some one time hookup, id like to get to know you better and hopefully it would lead to something more. I am also up for any adventure like skydiving. Tell me a story about how we met Common sense should be more common. 


Looking to exchange memes. 

 Short & Fat  Good food & Beers Dominican, tall and a pretty shitty personality 
Looking for someone taller and shittier every clown gets her day in the sun 

a leaving group waiting for her backside attack 

biochemistry/wumbology I'll probably like your dog more than I like you
Teacher of d/Deaf children
Mood: Men amaze me, but rarely impress me
Is that picture of you with a fish supposed to impress me? 
Voting is my natural high
My first celebrity crush was John Travolta when I was six
If you voted for Donald Trump, do not talk to me
My biggest flaw is that I hate avocados  
Body Type: Not bad, but definitely enjoys pasta
I hope you like feminist rants because they're kind of my thing I like movie music KTV party camping hiking outdoor activities 

      

I am blocked by both KFC Ghana and Mexico on Twitter, so my life has pretty much peaked

Yes, it is a high quality cardboard cutout of Danny DeVito that I am layin a fat ol kiss on, but can ya blame a girl? Dina blivande svrfrldrar bor i NYC Born and raised in NYC. Currently back in town for the holidays. Yes, I walk fast and love bagels... no I dont sound like an Italian mobster

Things about me: I am opinionated yet open-minded, I like Chinese food over Mexican, and I clearly change my hair often.

I love to travel to new places and try new things. Looking for someone to try new things with! Skinny Little Bajan Gyal Insta:Najahhhh_ani|Snapchat:Tinyynee |Honestly Just Show Me Different  Hi Foodie  
Gym enthusiast  

 422 Snapchat :: miisskariina 
Add me  Insta: cheddabb PSU 19
NYC freak.
gal from uk

someone teach me to skate

 awful at replying so follow/message me on insta @poshspice_ nyc / umass amherst 
from paris 

any time i have the opportunity i cant resist talking spanish, same with latvian

looking for someone to invite me climbing in nyc. let's play chess, frolic through the city, here for two weeks :)) fluent in sarcastic banter
civil engineering major 
love reading, netflix binges, and bread 

lets talk about life  Student athlete , 20 years old, in NY for a week, fun and nice person Cant fuck with u if u wear Canada goose  Follow me on ig
Ameruoso93
Snapchat
Angelaameruoso5 I love music, martial arts, books, brains, and art. Neuro nerd returning from a long internship in SF.                             Always down for new adventures in the city, but happy to just eat/drink/be merry too.                                                                   I like  Bowie, whiskey, VR.                          
I won't object to puns on my name if they're good *insert a spontaneous, witty, nuanced, charming, yet humble description about myself here*

57 and 3/4s (someone told me to write this)

Don't know what to message me? How about a title. Who knows, maybe I'll write a poem... Insta _sydneyraven SC: Maryy.Janeexo
IG: MAR.EE.XO

Looking for some lit friends 

If I super liked you it was by accident  International Business 19
Introverted Af
Video games | Anime | being awkward |
Asexual-ish. Demiromantic.
 Industrial Design//Art
Aspiring to be a professional seltzer sommelier & sometimes a real life cherub - 23

- nyc

- leo

- obsessed with music, beauty & entertainment....and horror movies 

- trap music and NSYNC* makes me happy

- down for the swirl 

- not for hookups    
 58  Thugs get lonely too
 If you're chill and like listening to live music then -
hmu
But if you ain't down to explore food then we probs can't relate
@adelinetj_


 

Lmk if you can pronounce my name correctly

 seriously funny, you can ask my mom for proof

Love the office and rick and morty. 

I like many genres of music but I mostly listen to trash

Depression is just a fancy word for feeling bummed out

Part time fruit vendor
Full time nothing Must have manbun + trust fund 

looking for: paid dates paid uber black rides (no subway/bus/extensive walks) must work at financial institution must wear patagonia vest must treat me like shit while telling me im the shit must know how to shotgun beer Zoo wee mama Just want to steal all your hoodies swiping right for cardi b radiating in positive energy 
Bk  Palma de Mallorca
Madrid  Lets get MARRIED. NY girl 
Only want to talk otp 

Absolutely obsessed with Beyonc 
Addicted to apple juice  

Sc:Tlo_xoxo  
Ig: Sucha_gemm
yes I have braces! 
Aspiring Registered Nurse
Current working for the city and the Yankees Stadium Dont be shallow Physics nerd, nature lover, I guess you could call me a gamer too since I love playing my Xbox lol. Play red dead with me How much schmooze does it take to get to the center of a conversation?

Also, what book are you reading rn? Do you read books? 

These and other questions I'd like to know the answer to. 

IG: @soph_the_cloud Love long walks on the beach 

Pre-Med 
NYC Graphic Design Student
Photographer (sometimes)
I quote too much John Mulaney Dont bother if youre a picky eater. Visiting NY for 1 week Ig-allie_817 How did I get here A day without laughter, is a day wasted SUNY Plattsburgh
Ukrainian 
57  Rowan University and  Alumna 
 Mathematics & Statistics enthusiast 

I enjoy long car rides through farmland and the backroads of New Jersey.
Country girl gone to the city for work. I love watching crime shows and talking about Harry Potter. Musicals are my shit. If you have pictures of guns or dead animals, feel free to swipe left. Youll have to message first, cause I am the definition of awkward lol Egotistical Aries.

Honestly, yall learned the term good vibes and wont put it to rest 


If we cant sing 90s r&b together then this isnt for you. NYC   
I laugh at almost anything. 
 deadass.   very small and I have no money, so you can just imagine the kind of stress I am under Looking for a film school drop out or serial killer to bring home to mother.

Huge fuckin nerd Proudest moment of my life was making it on Old Row  I want a lil boo  (funny people have my heart)
Also looking for cyphs, plugs, parties and vibes
Ig: spooki.mami
 I Recently moved to the City and would like to meet new people but  awful at shit like this so lets get drinks and food! 
 not creative when it comes to starting conversation so I most likely wont message you first 
 Not looking for hookups, please don't waste my time with that. I genuinely just someone to be alpha and have intellectual convo with. Snapchat, Instagram: taystewxo lmfao im a mess Lets be fucking cute ok? Ciao If I'm not laughing or crying it's not worth my time 

I get excited about most things

insta: audreydamitz mhm. nyc Shanghai > New York

My roommate says  a paralegal but I still have fun!

Always down for good food/shitty jokes did u hear that tom hanks is legally changing his name to tomas the hanks engine  Sincerity is what stands out. I enjoy astronomy and stuff like that  love to see the world  nature's beauty   . experiencing the beautiful wonders of life is all i ever asked for. looking to kick it with a cool group of guys. im Kristen
pisces 
thats my cat luna
looking for someone to teach me new things
also go new places 
im extra chunky
want someone to dance with 
tell me about your tattoos NewYork Jersey girl  

Only swipe right if you want to move in together, have a dog, break up, and go through a custody battle for our chocolate lab. if you dont like the office just swipe left lol // big iced coffee girl RU Black/Japanese 
55(Height matters I guess)
Born In nyc
Raised in Japan
Ig: @dxmplingg I think your blood is lovely for keeping you alive. But maybe it would look better splattered on my walls....
Kidding. 
Or not...

*LAST CHANCE IM DELETING THIS TOMORROW*

(Architecture)- INTP of course                        Add on insta. Prob wont answer here : @ __la__petite__mort__

(Just got bangs) Cornell '17



 Constantly deleting this Trini Born raised in NY into fashion ig:qweeenjayy :queenjayy_17 reasonably artsy vegan
but not a piece of shit 
nyc bih i like to smoke that pot as you young kids say it and i get the illest munchies. So hey come on down into my dms  ( ik thats Broccoli dont come at me ) I've mastered the art of making stupid faces. I love dogs (more specifically my pit bull), and bad jokes. Honestly I'm here to double my chances of getting Hamilton tickets.

Just saying, my ideal date night is building IKEA furniture. 
Call me Lexi!  Archaeologist and pun lover. If you have a dog in your photos and we match, you are morally obligated to let me pet your dog.

 MANGO QUEEN.  a playwright & Screenwriter, I have a day job thats at night at a restaurant. If you like cyphing , random made up stories on what if possibilities, eating mangos, watching movies and TV shows,   here Software engineer + artist
A little geeky, a little weird, always curious and open minded. 

Chicago born and raised, loving BK now- 
Just trying not to kill my houseplants, one day at a time! UC Berkeley Stats/Econ  romantic, nice and fun. desperately seeking lobotomy Serious inquires only Want to travel the world. Overly obsessed with dogs. Hockey is my all time favorite sport. I love food and working out, ya know all that basic stuff. Make me laugh and maybe well get along.                 
IG & snap: Megancerami  terrible at About Mes so lets talk :) Mizzou grad. I love food, travel and music. I like to write, drink coffee, wander around bookstores and have adventures. Not interested in hookups ig: iconicsoul__
nicer than I look  bums, pretty girls welcomed 
IG: kingkaexo Only on here for hookups 
I dont care for feelings 
I have no feelings 
So no relationships for Tasha K, Thanks  Don't swipe right if you're not going to text me 
Allergic to dogs and cats 
Francophone
Pre-Med
Anime is life 
Music 
Food anytime hey, whats your sign? computer girl  Quentin Tarantino, The Grateful Dead, and root beer floats (w chocolate ice cream obvi).
Down for whateverr Big dog and coffee enthusiast 
Easygoing // badass, but my dimples speak for themselves

Personality type: Moped cutie swearing in traffic would love to meet new people
 passionate and crazy in a good and fun way I would say 
Music and dancing is my life  
btw if you dont get sarcasm you dont get me  an acquired taste, so acquire some taste.

Nursing student | Leo  

Napping is my sport 

Loves to go on food adventures  and sightseeing 

Any recommendations for places with good food 

lmk  If youre reading this, smile! Because youre alive today and that in itself is a beautiful thing :)

Looking for a genuine guy whod be down to explore the city but also build pillow forts! And who appreciates sarcasm/witty humor :)
Anything involving food makes me happy

No hookups. _()_/ Just trying to find someone to make me laugh Jerry Springer and Chicken Tenders  Graphic Designer.
Brooklyn Born & Raised.
Museums. Dancing. Food. 
 ENTP  / 21 / lg(b)t / 
i love musicals and rami malek more than anything 
i work with dogs so add me on snap for endless dog pics
apparently I only know how to take mirror selfies
I DO NOT WANT HOOKUPS i really want new friends tho 
if you voted for trump dont even bother swiping right :) 
have a great day 
follow me on twitter: possiblysara  film major 
born and raised in NYC nyc  rabat  scotland _()_/ Pobodys nerfect. nyc Love biology and animals , international student from South   Korea, learning english, want to have new friends and real relationship.... NO hookups in nyc for a week invite me to your New Years party Oakland  NY I like to eat, watch movies, go on dates, enjoy 70s music.
 down to meet new ppl

 enrialex3 Sail, travel, repeat
Just looking for someone to pretend to be my fiance so my grandma will pay for the down payment on a house. 


Smoking pot isn't a hobby. Drug use isn't a hobby. Be more interesting, Jesus.  5'3. Queens, NY. Love to  i only go for guys that look like crackheads I know what I want for dinner because Ive been thinking about it since lunch   
Sagittarius men only plz
Cat mom 
Festie bae wya wasss gooodddd
my name is ashley and i like fashion so hmu if you wanna link or if you be friends causeee im new to ny and need friends or a mansssss 
also pisces  af No hookups. 

New to the city, honestly just looking for someone to hangout with. 

Lets go to art museums and nice restaurants then cuddle in bed binge watch Netflix. 

Will definitely steal your hoodies, probably your dog too

Tinder should have the option for  swiping right for your dog or your cute friends in your group pictures I only believe in horoscopes when it's convenient (capricorn)

Swipe opposite of your political affiliation

IG: @sarahxabigail Amman/NYC NYC 

A basic English major who is constantly reading and drinking coffee. 20
Sc: queen_kyky27
Ig: kyena__
Good Vibes Only 
Cashapp : $kyenamelendez  a Gemini, and  I hateThe Office.

Insta: @totianyu Everything youve ever heard about me is true and legendary. Exchange student from Germany I am not a stellar father  Really just looking to be a dog stepmom

New to the city, show me some fun spots! I love a good beard 

Dogs > People Crazy 

Ig rachelrysab From Brooklyn
Psych Major
Dump Trump Colorado College

New York  London  Lima  Santiago  Colorado 


Insta: goobiii Do what ya gotta do just dont step on my all white g fazos
Bio major :) 
NYC  
 
Whats up with the cyphs tho  Animator & illustrator 

Work on computers and also paper and pen and markers and coloring funny and fun things 

 What I love is Marvel , Harry Potter, Game of Thrones, Conspiracy Theories, the 1D boys, and some other random weird shit.. 

Lets discuss that while we take a walk in a park and drool over dogs.. New Paltz '17  
NYU Silver School of Social Work '19 
Queens, NY
Nothing better than an adventure  

IG: @laurenkatzenstein
 Portuguese and Irish 
New Yorker 
An artist 
Laughing is everything 
Pizza lover
Love dogs Half Girl half Goddess 
                      
                               
                                    
                                    
                                    

                           Ins:xandri19w @lulannie

Photographer / Director  just a poly bisexual looking for someone cute to take me dancing

Dont waste my time I eat bodega sushi and order wine at Shake Shack Lets Have A Girls Night Out  (Ladies) 

Take Me Out  (Fellas) 

If We Match Feel Free To Write Me  New York City.|Employed. 

23 years old|Colombian.|Feb.27,1995.|Vegan.

Yankees.Knicks.Giants.

Looking for a serious relationship honestly.
 
Snapchat & Instagram: NicoleDiazxo. 21 | Student | English Lit & History 
Edinburgh 
New York City Long Island> Tuscaloosa 
UA 21
Snap: ariana2461
Insta: ariana_domencetti 
If ya just looking for a hookup swipe  I study arousal 
Rec a podcast, insta @aconstellation  Rachel and cant change the name because  on a friends account

If youre into spontaneous dates, and pretentious conversations about art and music swipe right just talk to me lmao

 After sports and food, naps are probably my fav thing
The last pic is a visual representation of me sliding in your DMs
Ask me about a funny story,  full of them I love lit, fashion, photography, Bollywood, and french fries. Florence + the Machine is life. First year PhD student in philosophy! Soon to be New Yorker 
Snap : chelsiee_lynn21

I think at the end of the stairway to heaven there is Chipotle indefinitely

Lover of poetry, indie music, thrift shops, animals, comedies, acting, singing and pistachio flavored things.

I probably do wear your grandads clothes and I have seen every episode of every season of The Office approximately 4 times 

Just an android living in a iPhone world 

Bears, beets, Battlestar Galactica Computational Statistics and Econ. I have a 60 inches TV and surround sound system and an incoming electric blanket.

Topic to ask about:
Updog
Ligma 
Sugma 
:^)

Just looking for a dad for my cat Come hitch a ride to flavortown  || 5'0" || queer 

baltimore, md  rochester, ny

don't get me started on the patriarchy

                         

: nat.linden 
: gnatlinden NYC | DC

Still trying to find a good pizza place in D. C Brooklyn girl 
Ghanaian  at heart 
When  not working hard pursuing my dreams ,  playing even harder and living life to the fullest. 

Brunching 
Dancing  
Happy hour 
Traveling    

If youre not about being your best in every capacity, dont even think about swiping right  
     HMU                  


I really like vegetables and quilts

Nothing sexier than someone who properly uses than vs then 5ft....Short & Sweet
NJ->MIA
@mckenziestoute when I turn into a savage, boy, don't ask me why.

Cashapp: $MLouxse iMessage games  shy  make me laugh  New Yorker who moved to Montgomery, AL for work. Taurus, ENFP, Pottermore said  Gryffindor, immigrant from Egypt, Muslim, trynna practice public interest law. 

Currently reading emergent strategy, The Deepest Well, and Heavens Coast. Catching up on Bojack Horseman, Rupauls Drag Race, Black Mirror. Caught up on and in love with Jane the Virgin, Greys Anatomy, Queer Eye, The Office, Friends. prosciutto princess

watch off the air with me

...really wanna raise goats on an Australian dairy farm 9 out of 10 times wont message you did u hear that tom hanks is legally changing his name to tomas the hanks engine x

If you travel more than me we need to talk.. So I like listening to music
Love to go to warped tour (sad its gone now)
Majoring in accounting 
And once you get to know me I have a great sense of humor especially if I had some drinks
Not looking for a one night stand . Unless your ashley purdy .

So what made you thing he wouldn't find the door in the morning. When he found that bed so easily in the dark by cute is what we aim for

Bdsm
Poly Looking to network and expand my social circle. Get to know me.
IG: envy_venise Grad student @ nyu  Cheese lover - psychology student
Looking for people who can laugh at themselves  i'm german but u only need to worry about me invading ur heart NYC born and raised
Psych major
Probably the most blunt person youll meet
Super likes are accidents 
If you wanna know more just swipe right Talk to me about something artsy or your recent show binges 90% clumsy 10% student NJ MD
Ig: mariellefaith
 You can find me at Stampede on Saturdays. 20 not 21  pretty sure I can out drink you.  not saying ill still be functional but it will happen. I love going to the river and the desert pretty much grew up at those places.  make some noise with me ya fav ginger   tall, thick gal . 

nyc 

sc: im tired of ya adding that shit randomly so ask

biggest knicks fan youll meet  Reading and Wordsearches are my thing, looking to meet new people and hang. Tag along if you wish  Afro-American Princess   23  Scorpio  Writer 
SPU '21
Server/Bartender  (no, that's not the Italian flag)

IG @bianca_koka I carry a lil pocket constitution

Market research gal for tv

Call me nikki 

I'm short I paint and enjoy dancing  Just moved to nyc 

Looking for fun, friends, and to experience new things.

  B.Sc. | Insta: grey_bianca
You probably underestimate me 

family, friends, fitness, travel & food lover

Multifaceted: casual, classy, natural, smart, sporty ...
 me dressed up or in overs. sweaters & hoodies .
IG: Catalinafl_ If you look like a vampire, or are really tall I swiped right. 5'4"(can still beat you up tho). I like ugly dudes,pornstaches, people w/ their shit together, water signs (), & really big hands. No fuckboys/emotionally unavailable man children. Wont answer pickup lines,boring people/msgs, slow walkers, & small talkers. Real life Audrey Horne. Pervy brat that feels like dying often. Lookin for a relationship w/a big dick/strap on.  Love gin and French new wave. Pre-Law. @alexal3o dumb bitch Just trying to keep my plant alive 18* 

I dont have tits but I make up for them with my self-deprecating humor and legs 

photographer
 @zzzayira @zay.ira Emmmmm half Japanese but I am Chinese 
I am extremely shy...dont judge me by pictures 
Dont know what should say........ May or may not be swiping for you or your dog. Most likely for your dog  just depressed gyal tryna get fed & its the holidays so I need a fine ass mf to go ice skating with me 

mostly lookin for a vibe or somethin valid I guess.. whatever happens, happens.

5'10+ please 

Gemini  Thank you, next 
 laid back , homebody & shy collegiate bowler  probably taller than you

insta laurenpendergast anyone can cook Books, coffee, beer, and runs are some of my favorite things 
 
Disney and Harry Potter movies 

Parks & Rec > The Office

One of those pics was taken before a near death experience Just Jewish for the food

LA/NYC 5'5"

I  nerds   Wine-guzzling suburban white mom stuck in a 22 yr old body Bacon egg & cheese, and a cigarette please.

  Leo  Disney lover  Amateur Gamer  Semi Feminist  Enjoys taking naps  Intellectual Conversationalist  Laughs at own jokes  South Africa 
If it ain't that 90's RnB love.. then I don't want it 

IG: marelizemcmillan
 Nothing interesting to say? Dont  
OOe hi: ZOYA888SEX -  Canadian lol  in NY till Friday- 

Studying Media Production ,Interested in film, love F.R.I.E.N.D.S,
Elon musk is the perfect man 
If you hate Tesla or SpaceX, dont talk to me 
juggle for a hobby and a theatrical nerd 

Dont ask me if Nika is short for Nicole or Nikita, I wont reply to your message 

If I super liked you, I probably did it by accident (sorry) Small name yet Starbucks baristas never get it right! Entrepreneur 
Full-time student 
Love to laugh & enjoy good vibes  i take other peoples instagram pictures and hang out with soundcloud rappers

@karlyshoots Guyanese/Jamaican
My eyes can see through your soul 
 59 for the shorties out there
All you gotta do is feed me Long Island I love smiling and having adventures!!!!! Please let's go on one! I love listening to people's experiences as well as sharing my own 

I love dogs  and hate douchebags! I know some Brazilian jiu jitsu so...

I just want to go on dates! Explore the city! Dont feel like it's super serious on here! Lifes super fun and I hope you all find what you're looking for  UMD '17

"She's perfect" -Jimmy Fallon's Intern (so basically Jimmy Fallon) Way too mentally ill to be using this app yet here we are! In NYC for 2 weeks hmu if youre a derelict or goon or both Snap: thorunnsnjolaug Brand Marketing. Tech education. Lover of all things black. Cheese enthusiast. ENFP. Cancer. Wax rhapsodic your favorite maya angelou line. they always say yee haw, but never ask haw yee. visiting NYC from Miami 
-305 to 850 
-looking to travel :) HHA  CNA  Nursing student   Anxiety-stricken kitty mama with a pension for healthy cooking, 1950's rock & blues, and good ol'e fashion vidya games. 

Hyped for Good and Evil 2. Keep me out of the cookie jar.  We all just floating around in space.

: missecb Brooklyn babe, red wine & sticky toffee Just trying go on some dope adventures and vibe with someone. 
Add snap: boredom15 come say hi :) Insta @krisviall991 (I might respond quicker there )

Trying to figure out which coast to live on. 

Democrat 

I have a bulldog, hes a big bitch. You should see that as a benefit. 

Ideally looking for someone to get weird with   Pay for my tuition Way shorter and mildly less funny in person 

 normally the one behind the camera watermelon sour patch is the key to my heart

actually 93 Tell me something I dont know  NYC
If you need someone to be on your TV show or collab in a duet with  your gal :) <3 BIG fan of good music x pure honesty x great vibes. Coffee & convo. Covers & remixes. Modern & minimal. Wake & bake. Just looking for someone to binge watch shows with me tbh. (Got a thing for sci-fi, documentaries and historical fiction.) Blogger  Instagram influencer

Ive backpacked in foreign lands, jumped from a plane, dived into a sea in the middle of nowhere, partied in Ibiza, fell in love in Paris, rode a gondola in italy, kissed in Rome, cartwheeled in London eye but its all just the beginning, there is lot more to be done. Care to join me in New York? 

Lets chill over a glass of champagne&see how it goes.hate texting,ask me for drink directly! I'm an illustrator/printmaker so I could probably draw you like one of my French girls.
Pisces I drink too much coffee and enjoy sarcasm and scary movies. I need kisses UCF BFA Stage Management c/o 21                                                                Lover of music and art 
Coffee? is she human or just a bag of wasps??

searching the world for the right musical collaborators

blue hair scary face bad eyesight

soundcloud.com/blue_nina   (if u wanna hear me sing) Come over and read my books to me From Chicago. BFA from SFAI. I adventure a lot  I work a lot  wants to travel more, always learning and loves to party  Happily married to my work.
Black clothes always.
I live in California but am in Jersey until New Years. Survives off attention and admiration 
Let me gas you up and fold your laundry
5
Yes,  also an actress. 
@crochet_bitch Redhead. Makeup artist. Curves. Italian girl  
Thats enough. Just a vegan girl looking for some meat ;) Mayor of Coolsville, USA Swiss girl looking for a guy to show me the best spots in big apple Hey its cuddle szn

 I'm from Nashville, TN. I love live music and good food and being outside.   NYC Island Tingz Brooklyn Raised 
Future Middle School Teacher 
Hip Hop Historian 
Oxtail Connoisseur 
Scorpio  

Don't be awful





I like plants and making things



I'm blonde af now thank u, next


     an artist, i dance, i sing,  a musician, and yeah actually let's just say i do a little bit of everything haha

VERY IMPORTANT: i wear wigs a LOT.

Would really really love to be in a band and  always down to collab

Arr, shiver me timbers

You should definitely message first Trans FTM (non-surgery) 
Match if youre not completely straight Looking For Good Vibes
Intelligent Conversation Welcome
No Hook-Up, No ONS
Based in Shanghai, from Qingdao
 Master of Translation and Interpreting
Simultaneous Interpreter and Linguist
Jazz, Blues, Classical Music
Piano Tennis Ski 
Shakespeare Plays
Learning French and Psychology Recently Ill talk to my mom about you 

Musician, singer, actress, blah blah blah

I was voted most opinionated in my high school so  sorry in advanced 

 actually the little boy in the last picture 56.5
i make sure to put on sunscreen everyday and carry hand sanitizer with me That Bitch Art, philosophy, socialism.  friendly  not here for hookups
No social Media... I have a number though Introvert but cool af, looking for friends  visiting my friend here tonight, but she accidentally scheduled a date for herself. Whos free at 6:30? 184cm 
NYC/Seoul 
Seoul- Nov 28-Dec 25th Architectural designer                                           NYC                                                                   Photographer | Model                                           Take me to Paris                                                                                                      IG@kadydin                                                                not 23 staying in NY until Jan 1st! 
(i'm originally from Brooklyn but I live in FL rn)
looking to meet cool people, eat some good food together, smoke, or take ref pics of you for art  also if ur cute maybe we can smooch


casual art heaux 

I like studio ghibli, food shows, cats, tattoos, drag queens, boba, makeup, zelda, digital art, sculpting, and self-deprecating jokes

In the words of Missy Elliot,
im 5 foot 2, I wanna dance with you, and im sophisticated fun 

 /  / ISTJ / pansexual call me DJ

 a big queer kid looking to explore. Sushi and ramen is always a good move

she/whatever
I wanna kiss cute ppl who arent men
bi/queer boys can definitely get it
can top, bottom, w/e you need
if you wanna be pegged, pay me
Not looking for relationships

cant get enough of me?
Twitter: AvatarTear
Insta: tuiandla__  island  gyal 
Lets go out for drinks   I'm passionate about manifesting my best life & being surrounded by people who want the same. I am also goofy at times, in love with anything 90s music, and always dancing. 

Looking for someone who is on the same wavelength as me, is humorous but not too silly, can hold versatile conversations and is open minded about life. (AKA don't be on no bullshit ) A solid 6.8 as an overall human being. Pretty chill. And more than 42o freindly.. in fact we are best friends. 

Thicker than a boat* full of oatmeal. 

NYC(hmu yall)

Idk why everyone on here thinks  tall wtf  literally 52





IG@waloozapalooza Holaa! 
Soho girl working in PR/Marketing. Living in Carroll Gardens Brooklyn Nyc!
Just moved from Houston, Tx, born in Colombia 
I Love to create: art, photography, music, cook, and surround myself with inspiring individuals and nature. Positive vibes only!
I Do Not entertain Discrete/Down-low men!!! 
I am Trans girl looking for a real connection, that can flourish into something magical and everlasting.   bisexual  i love R&B . I laugh a lot and  out going Meow and meow time to eat cereeaall also how do I change my name to Bonnie - bio major on a pre-med track
- from New York City Full time Medical student .. part time mermaid, paddleboarder, fire spinner, all around island gyal. I'm in New York for a week on school break  scorpios only NYC for the week 
6 ft  Looking for fun..and I'm a perfect 10. Not catfishing. Simon says Swipe right

(56 but loves to wear heels ) Live simply and dream extensively
Yoga/coffee/tea/wine/tequila/kush 
Doing chemistry shit, in search for a catalyst Aspiring murder victim Here until 12/30. Ig: katelynn_old
Here are things: Vegan, asthmatic, I recently grew an inch, aspiring sugar baby, Capricorn, can roll a decent wood, I think  hilarious, sometimes I rap, I dont really know things (I just act like I do), life path number is the most powerful master number 22/4, prefers places with couches, kindly accepts donations to Katelynn Foundation Only Friends Looking for someone to go hiking with then get chipotle 51 lots of fun Music lover  vegan  into health & fitness  black   animal lover  non drinker/non smoker  no Hook ups

#notmypresident #BLM #prokindness 

You - fit, tall, positive, kind & ambitious

IG: @najahlewisofficial & @najahfitness @the_real_slim_cheydy from nyc love art, dogs, food and bad puns (the essentials, obviously) Smoking cigs, fashion
If you dont know social and political theory then dont talk to me!
Insta: @vyllavisin on a mission to make friends or someone whos willing to eat fries  dipped in a milkshake with me Be my other life easy breezy beautiful thugger girl  nyc 

getting my mfa in design and technology, please do not ask me what that means

ig: @madgalsiri  

 

athlete

might need to marry someone for a visa pretty soon idk

am into the moon and stars and potions and GoT

*PLEASE dont start with hla, or hola ola it really isnt funny when youve heard it 73919749 times ty* seoul/ newyork
 Make me remember you for the rest of my life Just looking for more ps4 friends  & i DONT TAKE THIS APP SERIOUSLY, neither should you  Not in a cult, but maybe gonna start one, that or a podcast. Tucson native, so try and show me new things to do here. I may look like a different person in each photo, but I am not a catfish, though I do enjoy the tv show. Other than the sarcasm and corny jokes theres: 
-These eyes that change color so dont get too lost in them
- A Food lover 
- A Russian, who are known to be great
- Confidence that comes out naturally

Shoutout to my future husband, hope youre ready for your dramatic queen Apple juice over orange juice any day.  New York gur
Ig 
@lilswilly If you vote and consider yourself cultured swipe right 

IG: curlymami_j Are you even fun???? 


Fair warning,  510 in my socks #giantgirl
But I just know theres something bigger out there!! - Tarzan  am i a real person? answer in 150 words or less I like good food related tv Light it! 
NOT DOWN TO FUCK 
NOT DOWN TO BE APART OF YOUR Open Relationship  
 down to eat tho wassup ?
Here for a good time and a long time   Animation Major and I live in Brooklyn, NY. 
A little shy at first
I love to laugh
A Marvel nerd and gamer (I will destroy you in Mario Kart) 
I like to Travel and I have a sushi addiction 
A bit of a goof ball
I bet Ive watched more anime than you
 54 if that matters
Msg me to know more How did I get here? 

Send dudes.  

 Not a skinny chick  
Coolin, not sure what  fw
But  all for good vibes 

Funny bitch with a bad attitude rocknroll 
:-)  i have a lot of feelings about a lot of things
no cops/no military/no zionists FWB/hook ups go that way 
<
I need genuine friends in my life Dont do Netflix and chill Love to read and write
4/20 friendly 
Pacifist+Feminist+Sapiosexual+pescatarian 
 Wanna hold my hand? Man-less in Manhattan Military/cops: SWIPE LEFT.
Don't like fat girls? SWIPE LEFT. 

Me:
-
-agender, they/them
-brooklyn native
-college grad 
-tattoos & piercings 
-almost 5'4" so idgaf about ur height 
-smoking > drinking 
-not looking for anything serious 

Talk to me abt: 
-psychology/science 
-social justice/leftist politics 
-gentrification as neo-colonialism
-shoegaze 
-cats
-taking me to a shooting range 

If I swiped right, that's pretty significant (p < 0.001) in NYC from London for a few days so hit me up with your recommendations  My bio game is wack. 
Dont waste my time
 aa-fit So when are we getting married ?  //College Student// Supernatural// Dave Chappelle// Honduran// Libra//.                                                  Not looking for the Ryan to my Kelly. Nursing student by day, elite yelper by night Honestly, if you're gunna waste my time, swipe left.

 actually just a fucking moron
//:///// aus abroad  drinks?  I like rivers  and $1 pizza

I fight the patriarchy in my sleep 

Who's trying to flu shot and chill






 nyt crossword, reality tv, PLUS just getting into sunglasses so there's that 23. ProBlack. BeyHive. BrunchChamp. 
IG: Sleepinghobo  5'10 

Human garbage (disposal), milk steak enthusiast, mediocre blunt roller 

Guest star on the critically acclaimed TV show Gogo Stop (circa 2005) Neruda. Podcasts. Science. If you climb bonus points. Guac me up. Kombucha. Let's have a gud time. Fondness of Amsterdam is appreciated. frat stars swipe left Live Oysters Maybe Dont Die When Theyre Shucked Or Chomped But Possibly When They Come In Contact With Your Stomach Acid, and Ten Other Quirky Conversation Starters  is a great clickbait headline, right?

Dont neg, its not funny qns 
Hi! I am from Lithuania and came to NYC for a year long internship, already halfway through. Looking to meet interesting people and check some cool NYC spots 
 Apparently Tinders transphobic. They/Them pronouns, please!  a writer and nearly professional curator of Spotify playlists. Quickest way to my heart is asking about my tattoos  Nursing  i like people, places, and things French girl lost in nyc Originally from Berlin.

Well, well, well. How the turntables... 


 The 2 of us are in the NYC for a couple of Days!  journalist + actor + model

rarely check this so feel free to hmu on insta: @jarrylee

 -> CT -> NYC

swipe right also if ya wanna play fortnite (twitch: JarryPanda)

things I like, in no particular order: 
-karaoke
-long-distance running & weightlifting
-playing ukulele (poorly)
-playing piano (decently)
-animals but especially dogs & pandas
-coding Twitter bots
-feeding blood worms to my savage betta fish, Achilles Talk to me nice Coronas & dogs big italian nose @nicolle.kim Just a girl who likes to go out to eat, drink coffee, watch a movie, the beach, explore, whatever honestly. I dont know why  on here looking for a winter cling 365.2422 days per year. lets bake gingerbread cookies and then get baked. things to know about me: im either asleep, dying in the library, or complaining about all the work im procrastinating on. nyc
dance, neuro, idiotic adventuring
enfp Creep lines dont work on me. So is there anyone else on here with good vibes and good intentions? Just looking to chill and make new connections. I like books, horror films and wine  assistant to the regional manager
plz dont insult my eyebrows on my profile thanks 
I also sell health & wellness products, HMU for more info  
 Director, screenwriter, producer, intersectional feminist, master of dad jokes. 

NYU tisch double majoring in film/tv production and dramatic writing. Aka huge movie snob.

Would risk getting hit by a car to pet a dog on the other side of the street.

I'm an amputee, so if you're not okay with that, I suggest you dont swipe right. 

Insta: ms_melinakos fuck. all this drip on me I need a mop From Australia, studying in Iowa *dips love life in coconut oil* 
Black AF ( if that makes you uncomfortable ? swipe left ASAP) w/ that being said I welcome all races.
but no couples, chile.
 particularly interested in someone thatll become my reason to delete this app. 
 not interested in hook-ups. Open to new friendships just dont try to fuck me.. PLS.
 & if we match ? Heres a What it do boo?? In advance, say it back.  Dominican  Free spirit but  also a hard ass with a good heart. Cat Mom 
IG: Cocaina.__
Snap:Infamousrebel4 Shy at first Talkative if your interesting 
Love music (songbird) Pansexual 
Insta Nani_Calderon101 if your ice cream of choice is strawberry im not interested

sg baby  Full sends only
Insta: @lauraannrosee Get to know me first. 
 computer science and creative writing.
and dogs, always dogs. I am Fer and I am Mexican 
I warn you that my English is not very good Sometimes  Funny You know that person whos always happy in the morning? Thats me,  that person. Call me your personal sunshine . Lifes about finding happiness in the little things, and thats exactly how I live my life. Lets go on an adventure! 

 a Leo if you couldnt tell  FAKE "GAMERS"
-fortnite
-red dead redemption
-fallout
-super smash brothers

REAL GAMERS
-bratz: rock angelz
-stardoll
-imvu
-sims 3 (create-a-sim)
-girlsgogames


libraaries

if u support trump eat shit and die you FUCK im fun and a people person, but youre gonna swipe right based on my pics so does the bio rlly matter?? regretting this already Please, be of substance i chase vodka w twisted tea

looking for someone who will fuck up my mental health, drive me insane, and ruin my life xoxo  Brand Ambassador for the MTA and Trader Joes boxed wine 

5 9 you could pour soup in my lap and Ill probably apologize to you Snap: aldielmo1710 I dont really care what your astrological sign is, but tell me your favorite wes anderson movie try to guess my nationality 
Marine Bio major 
IG: @alokoalas  Trans. Creative type. 

Quite apprehensive to share my full face pics here because of some transphobic fools, but I am real. Dont be scared to message me first - I dont bite.  I am Jacks smirking revenge

2nd year law student. Love movies so much that I make em Come play with me. I play rugby and  not a lesbian LA born and raised and educated, now living in NYC. 

I write about markets and tech...will be 1000% more impressed if you send me a pitch instead of a pickup line   20 years old and  from the Dominican Republic  but I was born and raised in New York City.
Instagram: _queennunez_ (20 yrs young) highly susceptible to nicknames.I like pot, take me on a date, buy my art, thx. venmo me money i need to buy a juul and my mom wont get me one for christmas 
@Olivia-RiveraRichard

-Achievements-
1st place in Beer Olympics April 17
soon to be radio host?? 

...thats about it just looking for someone I know..: Professional triangle player Hair more wild than the New York subways
Second year masters student at NYU 
IG: @downmemorylaine Rarely use Tinder, add me on Facebook!

Shanna May

Our relationship should be like a Nintendo 64... classic, fun to spend hours with, and every issue easily fixed by blowing on it then shoving it back in. 

Filmmaker and Visual Artist.  British Explorer.  5'8

I like to make things.   Hand wash cold
Do not bleach
Lay flat to dry

Ask me about my corporeal prison sliding down from heaven on a stripper pole Lifeguard

Future Nurse 

#maga 

To keep it real, youre missing out. I'm gonna be real I'm terrible at replying -i like whiskey, comedy, crosswords, oxford comma and irony 
-lets play d&d
-need an excuse to go see art & pretend that i know what im talking about 
rutgers plant science/ecology
////sell me some weird shit////
back in NYC for winter break fuck marry kill pancakes french toast waffles


 queer, leftist, harm reductionist
in an open relationship Guess  at the point in life where I have to accept that  on tinder Aspiring sugar baby () 25, artist, naps, tacos
Ig: meggamea Would you believe me if I said  on probation for possession of marijuana 
Dont ask to hook up. PERIOD. 
*Actually 19
Would someone actually lie about being on probation ?
I promise you  not naked in that picture :)  lonely and awkward and desperate for love Karate chopping the haters Ur local gym bro fueled by peach soju ...... Made ya look  
No scrubs 
Super like me & I might actually read your bio
If i super like you It was probably an accident

FAU Alumni  Fitness Focused 
Single Panamanian German 
Ink Scorpio TequilaSushi 
Beach Boujee LocaReal

"She is clothed with strength and dignity, and she laughs without fear of the future." Proverbs 31:25

Instagram: @_dwoww 
snapchat: dwwoww tall, lanky guys get @ me. 

writer/filmmaker. moved 13 times. a violent lover of deep conversations (especially over a bottle of white wine). the original cat fanatic. if ur mad artsy, ill fall for u. Swipe right and get to know me. 1,80 (sim)
Medicina PUC
Minhas sries favoritas so Friends, How I Met Your Mother e Brooklyn 99. (encorajo a conversar sobre sries, eu amo). nyc | syracuse
tall boys only plz (im 510)
buy me food and call me pretty
lets get high and eat sweets
sell me carts plz i need here for the moment(s) All about meeting new people & networking 

Females ! - dont be shy I just want to get to know some good friends not date u lol Artist i like dogs the Netherlands
Insta: cecexpx im 411 please dont be a dick about it, but yes i do enjoy the weather down here 

 a student mid finals so I am terrible at replying, so please dont take it personally if I fail at being social (aka, being very very bad at replying to messages) 

IG: meowitsyangers i wish people would stop recommending podcasts for me to listen to Aussie living in London  NO HOOKUPS!!!
Fashion Designer
Parsons
NYC
Made in China
A global trotter; love to explore more different cultures and world history.
Have travelled around 25 countries.
A museum geek
A hardworker
An adventurer filled with curiosity
Love reading and writing; watching horror movies ;)
Love being in nature 
IG @sophie_0114 Are you taking me for a spaghetti day? Bikini fitness athlet

In New York for a few weeks

Becoming a upper secondary school teacher  a witty gal Born in California  , grew up in Arizona , moved to DC, and found myself in NYC.  an old soul, love being outdoors, plants, eating, laughing, and hanging out with family and friends. Looking for a partner, not a hook up, so please dont message me if that is your intention. Thanks!  Mexicana, speak Spanish and Spanglish. In a newly-open relationship with a boyfriend of 3+ years.

NYC, Gryffindor, waffles are better than pancakes. 

No guns, no Trump voters.

I feel very strongly about many things. Young, fun, adventurous trans girl here. Hit me up. Your secret is safe with me. Xo You have to be willing to say we met in line at Trader Joes... mostly to make it look like I grocery shop instead of order every meal off post mates bolivianvenezuelan frenchie in nyc  Hyldende morsom og kage-elskende fynbo bosat i Kbenhavn. lets get pizza

ig: jessicasandlerr 
divorcees only nyc Looking for new LinkedIn connections you know you want me, but  bad for you 5'6
Soccer  love bachata....need a dancing partner If we dont match feel free to add my ig  but all friendships welcomed  .. Age dont scare me , shoot youre shot 
Ig// Thereal.amber_ First dating app.. kinda nervous  
58.8
I like to read, play the piano, draw (recently started digital drawing too), play video games and watch anime. I dont do any sports except scuba diving on holidays
Snap: neledl I'm that person that's healthy in an I do yoga but my water bottle is filled with wine kind of way.
@ve_cu RU | HARU. Easily humored. I dye my hair sometimes, I have 2 cats, I like many songs from different genres of music so my playlist is wild Manhattan living. 
Seeking hot*, articulate** mensch*** for new year's 
(or gym partner....Equinox  or the Y ).

*height info is helpful
**don't ask me what's up
***I'll leave this one to you A introvert who's trying something different so I'm pretty shy. 
If it helps I'm very fluent in sarcasm. 

Try messaging me first. Odds are: I might answer. 

I want to be friends with someone first and then see where it goes 
      

(Not looking for a hookup) aspiring hot young leftist trad wife who u always bring to the function u feel me Free 6ix9ine Aussie bitty(NY til the 30th) Aussie 
ig: elizarussell if the dog in your picture isnt yours, youre a liar and a fake. I am blonde now  and 21
Looking for someone to drink beers and play fun games with :-) Queens girl  Here for a good time not a long time  Samus has the best final smash. 
Global International Studies
Love to travel Probably better at sword fighting than you

Theater kid who likes to write code

Try a little harder than hey please and thank you *In NYC till the 30th*
Just moved to DC for my Masters. Friendly and genuine. If we match and you dont want to meet-up, unmatch me 
 Pineapple make the pumpum flary 

Be kind and help me pay my credit card bill?  If you dont watch Parks and Rec, dont talk to me Uich 
Snapchat: madisonnn86
Instagram: mads945 Technically a grad student who looks like they have their life together but actually just young and lost

whiny but ethereal   NYC born and raised
 21 Reasons to date me:
1.  the best in cooking potatoes 
2. We can wallow in bed and sleep till lunchtime 
3.  fun
4. If youre not impressed about points 1-3, take a look at my butt
5. If youre not convinced yet, probably you are a gay. We both know what they say Feminist and political activist
Take me to an art museum and give me music recommendations! 
 Not looking to be anyones dog mom. 
Would love to find ice skating or tennis mate.  Dominican, petite, silly, quirky and I love to cook. Talk to me nice.  a sag so you know how we do. Insta: Zoboxo95 I like milanos pizza iykyk Into swimming, soccer, making out, eating tacos, occasionally being the little spoon, first impression, going on tangents but mostly being sarcastic.
















If you liked my bio, you should see my booty (trust me its cute af)  Teach me how to sing and Ill teach you how to dance 
IG: @shincity__ bad horror movies, doggos, and museum trips are essential to my well being actually looking for something serious lmao and I know it sounds dumb that  looking for that on tinder but aye you never know  Ceo of WeSC @wesc1999 www.wesc.com
Song writer
Owner of Fearless Management and Productions
Insta Josephejanus 

 
Bi open hi :)  >> 
 Film, football, puppies, tequila, music. Looking for a date to see Post Malone. 

Fuck Donald Trump 
west chester?
I have an endless bucketlist
Currently looking for a half marathon/ironman partner...
type B personality
Lets do leg day together

vegan.
Instagram @julietgoldfine  Like you care 
Dont fetishize me cause  black and dont message me if you are insecure.  Reviews from Friends : 
Easily pleased with snacks and cookies - Isabel 

Good -Reid

P.S. thats not my baby thats my sister Instagram @sofiamax
Twitter @fucksofiamax How do you portray yourself in 500 characters & 9 photos?

Absence can hold significance as much as presence.

 

My hair is no longer teal

I am trying to be more clear and honest with myself and others.

The internet /& world are exhausting. I go on tinder when  bored.

Living in VT for the time being but 
In NYC for the rest of December into beginning of January? Idk  pisces sun + rising, virgo moon
@melspalace on ig  
Taurus 
Insta: ash.leelee
Sugars daddy wanted English teacher, nerd, silly, great cook 

 in town from December 19th until January 22nd

Looking to meet new people and have new experiences! Having a good drink and enjoying a beautiful view!   ny, ny  Sweet face,
Sour mind,
High life 

I reply quickest on IG :
@post.mortem

Talk buisness to me , LET ME BE YOUR PLUG  you can call me the weed fairy , 
I got 8ths for 30 , deliveries in Queens , DM me on IG and I'll come to you  nyc 
"Spicy mami, hot tamale
Hotter than a Somali, fur coat, Ferrari
Hop out the stu', jump in the coupe
They trippin' on top of the roof
Flexing on bitches as hard as I can
Eating halal, driving the Lam'
Told that bitch I'm sorry though"
-- Finish the lyrics so I know it's real 
 Insta: @jessicakimdinh

I guess my lobster is equivalent to all the fish pics on here? I just need someone tall enough to change the lat pull down bar, someone to clean the gross stuff out of the sink drain and someone to travel the world with. Is that too much to ask for? Legendary Brunette <3


How bout I dont .....but say I did? recommend me a song

talk marvel to me og.ram - 59
need some gas  and company
not interested in texting lets meet, handsome Gimme your best conspiracy theory and convince me you respect Slytherin house
(or talk film and writing to me) bi high and ready to..... (die, probably)   Parsons  pretty cool hmu instagram: sofiaxpizza | PhilaU
i probably smoke more weed than you
i like beer

 venmo me @Shut-Up and maybe we can be friends I smoke pot n nap. I was in Hawaii for a year now I'm not. Also I'm 21 not 23. No diehard vegans please if you cant stand to watch me eat a burger please dont match me thank you buy me iced coffee and  yours Happy, humble, light, generous, secure. 

Still working on that but doing good. colombian&peruvian  goose noises HALLO I need franns!!  IT SHOOT UR SHOT SZN  AND IM UR BASKET HMuu *19 years old tinder tripping for thattt
Brooklyn nyc looking for good vibes, as well as  to meet and get to know people genuinely. 

not necessarily look for anything serious, but nothing too easy either Don't Talk To Me Before My Morning Bog Juice 

 mbti is intp
 have some relatable and engaging questions you might want to answer:
-whats your favorite economic revolution, and why?
-have you ever done bee therapy?
-do you think young stalin is cute?
-whats your least favorite plague?
-reeses cups or pieces? I avidly watch KUWTK to remind myself  a good person

If youre a slow walker, swipe left  Athletic & champagne lover 

 tall , 58 

 I'm about living my best life
        
 23, Filipina, Accounting professional who is also passionate in cosmetics and travelling to different places. I'm interested talking about stock market economy, helping people and business. 

I always admire people who do and living their passion with a purpose to not just live by themselves but live for other people. 

"Do not sell your present to have a better future. Use it wisely that your future self will not regret for"
 biracial angel and breakfast enthusiast Can eat a banana without chewing 

Insta: kristine_1994 my previous bio asked for someone to hold me but then too many men were asking for me to hold them so here we are. I am an 18 year old college student. I work full time and go to school full time. What I do for fun? Sleep when I have the chance and bowl. Bowling is basically my hobby.  pretty fun if you get to know me.  I have about 3 tattoos and plan on getting more.  Hit me up, itll be worth it . Dominican and Honduran  Brooklyn
@emmafrankz Fashion Stylist and consultant based in NYC but travel often for work.  into fitness, tv and movies, fashion, beauty and spending time with loved ones 
IG-NATALIETAUGER Not trying to hold hands and shit trying to buss a nut on the low and keep it moving if its regular  with it. No fat no gem discreet fun and we out! If you have a dog make it known immediately.  It's in your best interests.

54 1/2 Witch*


*Not really a witch chill out New college grad, no idea what I'm doing. Scranton pa --> Maine --> Brooklyn.                                                

Likes: 
Cold weather 
Big Dogs 
Mountains 
Lou Reed 
Newman's Own Peppermint Cups 

Dislikes: 
Cats  
Cilantro 
Mass incarceration 
You, probably 21, not really looking for anything long term but for the right guy I could be convinced ;)
I like dogs, dancing, and watching netflix
If you voted for Trump don't even bother swiping right IG PolnaLsnk if  not answering on here
Miami ATL Chicago Paris  Compassionate Cuban. Excitable dork.
Gemini sun, Cap moon, Virgo rising

Lets watch Criminal Minds, dance into the night to live music, & watch paranormal documentaries on a rainy day.  If one more mf on this app calls me exotic,  out lol  

Brooklyn, New York > Davidson, NC 
Biology major, Neuroscience minor 
Kriola  Newcastle/York
new to this tinder malarkey someone tell me whats going on here I can be Elizabeth, Liz, lizard just NEVER Lizzie  
If youre trying to pay my tuition hit my Instagram DM we can arrange a date :) 
@3muchwater Pescatarian, tree hugger, animal lover, feminist. I have a cat and I love traveling. 

Swipe left if you dont consider yourself a feminist.  SJU 
Ig/ kristinaadawn  Two truths and a lie:
-I sang karaoke with Barb from Stranger Things
-My dad went to Greenland with Bernie Sanders 
-I own three cardboard cutouts of Joe Biden NBA body MBA mind 
snapchat: yazmercedes  Havent been sprayed by a skunk in eight years.  Endearingly bad taste in movies and music. Unsure about how to work my TV. Long-term goal: professional art thief. 

Show me your favorite Christmas movie or Ill make you watch National Treasure, probably. 

LA/NYC  Really not into putting my life story in bios but if you love pizza or dogs as much as I do then I think thats a good start.
Insta- sarareneooo Brooklyn - 56 , Taurus ,  Employed , Educated & BLUNT 
If you have a child please swipe left. BK. Really into art museums, wine, and Frank Ocean.  fat, poly, bi, and busy af.  looking for good dick, but treat me like a person, yeah? 

If youre into smart, funny fat babes/bbw, shoot me a message. 

Looking for someone to warm my bed when my boyfriend is out  I change my hair a lot and I have two dogs and two cats that I would die for 
Vegetarian going vegan 
Horror enthusiast 
Be my friend!
If we match I probably wont message first because  scared NYC  A bookworm 
Love to explore new things and have FUN.
Hate having my time wasted.
Most attractive thing is honesty. 
No hookups, just a partner in crime to eat lots of food with.  

(First photo most recent) BN/                                           IG: janine_a.lina UNH FROM Trinidad and Tobago.
LIVING in Brooklyn 

Question :What are you looking for on here?
Answer: Real connections with real people. Simple.

NOT INTERESTED IN COITUS WITH STRANGERS.

Pisces 
5'11"
Simple.
Favorite foods are roti and doubles.
Love to lime...

Trinbagonian 

IF YOU KNOW THAT YOU ARE A RACIST PLEASE SWIPE LEFT THANK YOU VERY MUCH. Can't deal with the foolishness. Insta @lydiaarnoldxox Just here for fun  Gym junkie 
5'9
I'm clumsy & get hurt a lot
Currently obsessed with marvel movies and all things superheroes 
OCB Bikini competitor 
Be happy. Be adventurous. 
I dont respond to hey just for fun Zeppelin & Floyd are life. 
Always falling, not for guys just on my face.
If you dont fuck with cotton eyed joe, swipe left. Lets smoke. 
Dont call me baby. First Date from once upon a time..

Doctor: *sigh*
Me: What's wrong?
Doctor: My patient passed away today.
Me: You had one job.

He still asked me out on a second date 

IG: kitao02 -Horror movies
-True crime cases/unsolved stories
-Conspiracy theories 
-Bit of the paranormal 
-Future counselor 
-Well...lets see where this goes! all super likes are accidental  Looking for bud!!! Help a girl out plz Carefully written, fact-checked essay in the streets. 
Unmoderated comment section in the sheets. 

Tacos + Margaritas = My favorite duo 

Trump Supporters should definitely swipe left. 

Cuffing season is upon us. You know what that means? Nothing because this is Tinder, not eHarmony. In search of really good hugs + a date to comedy shows. Keep hearing Hinge is a better place, but I dont care what your favorite Disney movie is. Likes: writing, biking, big dogs, used bookstores, and running faster than you Only in Iowa for college. I'm from Brooklyn,NY. 
Food is life, Love animals and comedy
Snapchat:Blaqbeauty1998
Actually 20
First date options: Amusement Park, Dinner or anywhere with trampoline
I'm bisexual 
No hookups 
Yes  a dog mom  Mediocre at best They don't call me goofy Gracia for nothing 

Also my pink hair washed out so I'm blonde again  Poly, kinky, queer. Seeking same! German girl living in the states 
Denver, CO   Bklyn

Travel, dog, wine, food & sunset lover 

Smiles are always in fashion  writer, cinephile  Summer, coffee, traveling, the beach, and Marvel movies Kings Countys premier gender flux ingenue 

(being transparent I barely have time for one (1) whole boyfriend so im looking for friends to make memes and theatre with)

chaotic useless

Can you find my gender? I lost it in search of Shibas

 sun
 rising

I love dancing. If youve seen Hyouka-youre a good person. 
tell me your favorite meme or podcast. just friends  From Sweden 
Just moved to NY Anime loving Video game playing stoner 
Goth  
24 tattoos and counting 
sad girl with a big heart 
looking for smoke buddies and friends 
LOZ is the greatest game of all time I love music and reading.I am against every sexist,racist and homophobic intentions,I love nature and impromptu picnics or brunches. I hold a 3.8 gpa majoring in Psychology, I love being able to have an intellectual debate-esp. if your views are different.  not interested in a hook up& if youre not going to speak then dont swipe right (its annoying& rude) i desire a long term relationship. Great hygiene is a must. I volunteer for the Red Cross as a disaster Action Team member. I like long hugs and hard grips around my neck

Weird people and creative's

 fun and socially awk, come make me smile :) 

Not easy, Not yours, Cant be bothered  Just a tinderella out here looking for her tinderfella

@anjeezy virgo//enfp//mostly using this to catalogue my hairstyles INFJ. Writer. Intersectional feminist . Halfie. Someone who loves yoga and treating the planet and others well is a plus . Deleting tinder as told my michael Scott I wish I could but I cant. Well, can, but wont. Should, maybe, but shornt Follow me on ig
Chinky_eyessssss "There is more than meets the eye"
craving adventure & looking to make memories. Honestly just looking for someone to talk about cats, anime, and musicals with.    **Trump supporters not wanted** its your girl Just looking for new friends with money, style and a sense of humor. Also, follow me on IG @_riyeezy  Textile Major
Gotta have a cute butt
And a sense of humor
Lifes too short to be fucking boring The Tracy to your Ted Mosby before she died cause that sucked Just got back from being in Italy for a semester and idek what  on this app for tbh. 

ENFP  Art hoe  Bisexual  She/her  59

Republicans and Trump supporters swipe left. 

No, I do not want to have a threesome with you and your nasty boyfriend.

 an artist with a lot of student debt... please venmo me. Actress Nice girl here looking to meet new people .  Salvadorian . Always down for whatever  pretty chill . Here for friends only! 
Females we can talk about life & money
Guys we can talk waves & money
 chill, funny, a lesbian & a student all at the same time 
75% of my playlist is rap albums like B.I.G Ready To Die, Tupac All Eyez On Me, 50 Cent Bulletproof, also Meek, NBA Youngboy, 21 Savage. Ask about the rest
I dont drink or smoke anymore so disregard my profile video. I cant remove the caption Snapchat: young_hotness
Ig: ohhkay.kim_
If you'd like to get to know me just message me, I wont bite . *Note: i never super like people but sometimes when  swiping i do it on accident, if i super like you i promise its an accident lmao                                                      


Hello 
B.S chemical engineering Nyu 2018
Included  a pic of my dog bc shes amazing 

Bi & 
Too shy to talk to anyone first but i talk too much once you get to know me 
All pics are pretty recent 
Twitter: queenumana
Insta: @meme_umana IG: NVO_26
Also not here for hookups .... Sc shalliyaah
 tall blonde & bangin | Ig: kaebellejo
uncertain if crazy in the fun way or just crazy crazy but lmk if ur down to help me figure it out Pre-med student, play volleyball, love traveling :) i love scrapbooking Good vibes  
Life has a strange way of working out sometimes so live while you can. 
Snap: lucian_gem Looking for someone who isnt an obnoxious art student Brooklyn. I work in book publishing and I read A LOT. /bisexual / always down to see a weird flick, grab a drink, karaoke some Patti Smith and Jimmy Ruffin, watch Bob Ross while drinking coffee, the usual. Healthy Eater, Book lover, Director, I Paint movie sets, Philosopher. If you know me and see me on this just keep swiping and act like it never happened thanks. I like hot Cheetos and puppies i love cats and coffee

well travelled 

you can find me in the club or curled up in my bed with a book theres no in between

just looking for some fun  breakfast for dinner < dinner for breakfast
the book > the movie
sunrise < sunset
chocolate > life
your thoughts ? Id prefer to be hit on in Spanish but you cant have everything honestly a nihilist at heart
 I wear a lot of of black. 

GGG, Queer, Open
59 Tequila & Tall boys
Bk/philly
Singer ig catflemingg
snap cattt21 this app gives me agita Hey beautiful people,
 a 24 year old fun outgoing most of the time happy women.. My birth sign is cancer, so I'm a homebody can be a little bit sensitive at times haha....I love meeting, and getting to know people. Don't be shy to say hi anything else you want to know, you can msg me let's chat!! YKTV Take me on your favorite hike  Just keep swimming Sorry if I dont reply quicklowkey made as a joke 

 18 YEARS OLD not 19
 59
50% Irish , 50% Bajan
 The second picture is weed money lol

Follow me on ig @rae.who SF born and raised 
Beer, HP& concerts 

P.S. I change my hair color every month --> currently navy
 New York Cityyy
Win me over with 

insta: ambe.r.r obsessed with chick fil a lemonade & documentaries (about any topic)

if I'm watching tv it's probably cartoons, college football, or NBA basketball 

instagram: @sarasview brooklyn girl No Kavanaughs, much kettlecorn


Also my friends made an insane short film. you should all check it out:

https://vimeo.com/299284849
PW: Photo@2018 A smile that could end wars and cure cancer.

If you can make me laugh, youre already winning. Lets talk about the social and psychological parameters of Big Mouth. Just looking to be happy
Graduated in 2016 from cuny Hunter
In marketing/promo model but looking to explore different fields
54 110 lbs 
Lets talk 55 | NYC  AL | School.. Dance.. Sleep.. Repeat
Insta: Vadernyc
On here to promote insta.                                               New Friends
FaceTime Buddy

If you cant keep a conversation swipe left, dont need all that negative energy bike adventure to the ocean?

  Tell me a joke Pisces

Tell me something funny

Insta @fathermoti I like animals and sports and movies and video games and beaches and traveling and Coffee. Food. Wine. Travel. Hiking. Beer. Laughter. whiskey. Sarcasm. Tattoos. Tequila. Piercings. nyc native 
Love to laugh but also sad inside
insta:abigailarader Looking for new friends & meeting new people. If youre funny hit me up. looking 
I just wanna cuddle and watch something.... Any suggestions? Eat vegan pizza with me and depress me with a chat about mortality and the idea that one day we're gonna die and we just won't exist anymore like all of this shit will just be gone dude and we have no clue what comes after besides possibly darkness forever but we have no concept of what forever really is because it's too large of a concept for our brains to understand and we are just little ass specks floating on a tiny ass rock in the middle of never ending space man If youre not worried about building your credit dont talk to me. Everything is about balance emo baby at heart
bklyn 
IG: Bringmetayhorizon sweaty & upsety  SC  lovemealways_2
#thickthighsmatter
Whatever you want to know just ask ciao ragazziiiiii Yes  22. Yes I know I look young. d/s  Open to Scorpios, Taurus, Capricorns and Aquarius  

all other signs are an automatic: YEET 
Including my own, so dont get butthurt
(Virgo) single mom no kids

brooklyn D1 athlete... rower
Kinesiology major 
Florida raised 
Insta: Emstock_
I will probably swipe left Here for networking. 
NYC

Yankees 

Tatted and dont drink  Full-time student with a job
I love animals
Travel buddy wanted
Lets go out together 
Lets go to the gym I be lit af lmaoo Unimpressed 

Snapchat Juanita101
Insta violeturturninnviolet Ill provide the ESPN+, you provide the chill Polish girlRaised in Iceland
Flies the humangos planes as a crew 
And the small cessnas as a pilot Blue eyes are the most fun 

Lets go on some adventures! 

Always down for the bars on Thursdays, Beer & whiskey kind of girl 

Its time to celebrate the fact that its finally football season! smol human bean 
225 born n raised
INFJ sagittarius
2 dogs



in NYC til the 29th, show me all the best food n drink spots

just tryna shmoke, eat sum mfin food, drink sumn, and fall asleep watchin netflix wassup 
insta @monicatunez Thick crust, pineapple, bacon, extra cheese. 



Add me on MySpace! New to the area and looking for people to hang with (and for actually spicy tacos)

I love dancing (badly/enthusiastically) and listening to Marian Hills entire discography On. The. Daily. I have a comedy twitter account that my friends constantly beg me to delete. My heart belongs to my bike, Bichael .  a Marxist and before you ask, yes my praxis is posting memes online. 
Skills included: bartending at parties, sewing buttons on things, coding, quoting Jake and Amir Just a depressed student nurse In need of more twitter followers 
@spicyxmango Please don't ask me to draw you like one of my French girls  A boss & a princess  

Beards take top priority. Sc: antandrah Just trying this out  small girl who makes big things 

brooklyn  // chicago Just looking to find someone as funny and outgoing as me! 
 a cool ass female once you get to know me  Twitter- @lilyhollands
Instagram - @xlilyh_  Insta-amberlynnmorales Just a big ol stupid nerd. All I do is watch cartoons and play video games. My hair color is constantly changing so I can hide from the feds   If you ask me out for sushi  I'll automatically assume you're trying to murder me since I'm allergic to seafood. 
Hopeless romantic 
Maker of creme brle 
I like tattoos and guys with tattoos
Best matched with Virgos 
Corny jokes, cats and thinking  cool get you bonus points 
But let's go on a date! People still do that, right? Kakao- Kimmyll Foreign - from London. (Yes, really from LONDON) Horrible texter. Looking for fun x Senior at SUNY Oswego. Psychology & Public Justice majors w/ Anthropology minor. My Facebook @Emani Blue and Snapchat @emani-beauty cuz  lazy. No I dont wanna hook up, dont ask me, swipe left if thats what youre looking for Super fun! (it's Shannon in Irish)

Photographer

No clue what I'm doing here 

Won't text you first  


 Talk to me about universal rent control or prison abolition and Ill swoon 

Or send me cute pictures of sloths and thatll probably do the trick I play as much video games as the next guy

Can be found at most Chemistry labs and Bars NYC
IG: @mila__albrecht Getting my Masters #Traveler #NYCGirl
#Scorpio #Independent 
Please dont waste my time ! French girl in NYC seeking bicycle riding lessons 

call me jacq Just a cute poc couple living life and pigging out together. Into hot bowls of broth in this blasted winter  5'8
I'm a great cook, I major in art, and I love to travel. I also need someone to practice my French with
Instagram: @storm__lewis Latina | Wharton |  | What's your favorite thing to geek out about? m.i.a.s biggest fan Call me butter because I'm on a roll

NYC Goes to bed early and makes bowls real life greek goddess###,##

occupy me.
if youre good you can call me akil I like pia coladas but fuck getting caught in the rain  give me something to talk ab in therapy
they/them Anxious stoner
Bisexual 
I'm never on this so hit me up on Insta @yunggypsyy 
If you're only looking for a hookup swipe left  I'm the hardest working lazy person you'll ever meet.

Brooklyn born+raised || Ohio University '17 || Writer/journo/social lad. An engineering student tracing her name on the shore to have the tides wipe it away. playing debussy to a disco beat

@alisarchives , @alexandracamenita They/Them  Nonbinary  Artist  Playful

swipe right if you respect my pronouns and my identity. swipe left if you dont know what I mean.

Looking to meet new people and go on dates :) 

Honesty is paramount.
I like loud music and dancing.
I have a very comfortable lap.

Cook for me? 
PHL/NY Artist/illustrator
Swipe right if you like me or my art
I like to dance, play basketball, go shopping, eating sweets, be surrounded by cute stuff King's college  23 years old. 4.7 Uber rating
Most compatible with fries and anyone who shares them.
I do music & film. 
  Talk philosophy to me. Or not. Masters in Social Work Student!
Charismatic, enthusiastic and loves foooood. 
Not looking to be anyone's third
I dont have any social media whatsoever (unless you include this app)
Open to something more serious, have already had my fair share of hookups tbh so looking for something real and meaningful, so please dont swipe if youre looking to hit it and quit it :) Heroes include: Oprah, Julie Stewart, Claudette Colvin, Winston Bishop, John Lithgow and Coach Herman Boone just to name a few.
P.s. If you werent ugly in middle school, I almost dont trust you. Lets have fun new years eve
Museum major student 

food and wine/ music/ museum and art/ movie

ins: mmmarychain Looking for a husband. I make art and have no hobbies. Gluten & dairy free20 years young. ENTP/Cancer if you give a shit NYC born & raised. I listen to all music...surprisingly love country. Big on sports so lets go to all of the gamesYankees, Rangers, Pats, GSW, UNC basketball. 

Insta: kiarammichelle

Going with the flow of things. Love making new friends and visiting new places! What does my bruise in the last pic look like to you? 
Best answer wins my hArdCOveR! breaking dawn copy signed by Kristen Stewart AND Robert Pattinson
Just moved to Zurich. Take me out ! Taurus  
My last pic is my current hairstyle! I just did the big chop 
Looking for cool positive vibes! A little hippy, a little hood. Vegan goddess 

Just need people to help me heal Mother Earth, meditate & explore universal consciousness with. DM me @kehana_elizabeth to schedule an afordable psychic reading/ oracle card reading Adventurous goal oriented and light hearted. I like to live life with good clean fun. I enjoy listening to all types of music and dancing. I am looking for someone that enjoy life. No smokers or drugs users please.  Australian exchange student at UMD  oh she foreign? 

dance major 

smokin on that loud pack Likes: Dogs, the softer fries, coffee, niche 2007 YouTube videos
Dislikes: Mayonnaise, cats (aka the minions of the antichrist), parsley
Combat systemic oppressive systems and chill? Do you think a hot dog is a sandwich?
Why must memes and nudes be mutually exclusive Hippity hoppity you are now on my property.

  not trash because  Jamaican I promise 

 looking to expand my portfolio on portraits if ya got any tip or locations for a shot please tell me tanks. 
For yall that keep asking I am 18,  not a quick beat and delete and no  not telling you my bra size. Yes  bisexual and no  not down for a random threesome. No I dont work for pornhub but that was test to see if you read my bio.

See you space cowboy  bonjour Dog loving  neuroscience nerd  and foodie  coming through . Let me pick your brain or pet your cute doggies.  20 years old. Future veterinarian. Future Business Owner 
Haitian Princess 


Looking for My King   Looking for my wife // someone wholl let me watch em jerk it Trini 

 awkward but  really cute so it makes up for it. shoot your shot  Whats going on? :) everyone calls me Barbie and I live in Crown Heights. I currently work in HR. Msg me if you want to chat ;)  just looking for someone to bring me Chinese food fyi none of my interests are correct  attracted to people whose personality falls somewhere between chandler bing and pauly d I love food New Jersey

insta - jillvitalee Physically stunning mentally normal Just someone to smoke and go to the gym with nyc native
film/dance
INTJ
      
francophone  Sweet & Sexy, always with a smile, seeking a nice gentleman. I want one generous Daddy who will adore and enjoy me, and I, him. Passion is a must. I love to laugh, play, dance, and cuddle. Don't be afraid to message me.  I won't bite :) 20 

 working on a documentary n I like to paint 

If you ask to hang out Ill 100% say yes

I got a whole boyfriend   queen of abbrevs  50 but 70 personality. 

Probably the most upbeat lady youll know. I can kinda play guitar and I can sing, 

Please message me with awful pick up lines,  and vine quotes. things i love:
-dunkin donuts
-my cat/hamster/dog
-the washington capitals 
-twitter threads of racists getting knocked out

things i h8:
-driving
-waking up before noon
-(the fact that) dairy products (are so bad for my skin)
-bigotry disguised as free speech

i live in maryland so hmu if u want a tragic but beautiful ldr  Josh Peck almost hit me with his car once. 

lover of makeup, dogs, tattoos, and marvel. 

ask me about my dogs, music, or anything really. Lets talk about something interesting either way. 

If you message me first youre already ahead of everyone else. 

Every Adventure Requires a First Step.

I just wanna meet new people, to go on adventures with. 

NY born and raised. 

I tend to dye my hair a lot.  *I only open this app when  on the toilet I studied media and now  a teacher. I like clothes, all types of Asian food, Japanese art, sci-fi novels, jazz music, Travis Scott, and being lazy in my house. I have two tattoos and I want more. Swipe left if you dont vote. Swipe left if you call women, females. Swipe left if you dont read books. And  51.
Twitter: sarahalexa_ I like to draw people and places and I don't get pop culture references. 

Artist, curator, jewelry-maker who recently launched a company (yes, I will give you a discount code for holiday presents for your ma), and all around decent-ish person. I average about 2 selfies a year. If you ask me to draw you I will ask you to pay me. 

I hate to be a buzzkill, but at this point in time I'm looking for something that has the potential to become serious. Also, I don't actually hate to be a buzzkill. Ig: icejelly__ Bicycles and beer, yoga and weed. Oh and my cat. Heeyyyyy!  
only good vibes please! 
Snapchat @forbiddenfrui IG: sam_lynnx
: saaaaammm Nursing Major
 Italian and Irish
Volleyball

Facebook did me dirty by putting everything I liked on this account from when I was like 6... sorry everyone  

If you think  one of those skinny girls lol ur wrong Brazilian spending a week in NY 
1.7  a millionaire but Ill uber pool a bitch - lil pump about me Broadway and superheroes lover 
Polish girl that owns way too many "Game of Thrones" socks 
Hopefully future forensic psychology student
Self-proclaimed artist that just likes to draw 

Low-key looking for somebody who will buy me food NY  OH || dont waste my time  Texas Tech 
I have a cute dog, message me if you wanna see her 
Just out here doing whatever Latina  Photographer who loves puns, the office' and sleep

looking for someone I can eat tacos with and always take photos of but wont complain too often about it

 5ft so if youre into short girls, here i am

Send me $5 on Venmo for a surprise @michellemtz_98 .24 . Looking for good vibes  I love
Food 
Wine 
Naps 
Corny jokes
But no seriously  hilarious ( my parents thinks so).
Btw:  also a white woman. I heard they get more swipes ! bad for your blood pressure just call me bell
feel obligated to say im 59
im actually amazing
lookin for the right one
dont waste my time... 19.
Dominican
I love makeup, pizza and to laugh a lot Things I like: puppies, John Mulaneys humor, the jigsaw puzzle bit in Daniel Sloss Jigsaw, swords, anarchy, fairy lights, cuddling, Skyrim, validation, prophecies, The Stone Roses I Wanna Be Adored, bullshitting about horoscopes, Bea Arthur, cancelling plans.

You may be asking yourself, What kind of person is this?

And to you, my good sir, I do reply, good FUCKING question.

Looking for someone to ruin me in the emotional sense. 19
 brb doing a communist revolution for self care I had blue hair. In dire need of edibles or vape pens. Dassit 
Maybe we can be friends or whateva tho 
 +  +   rising I have shit taste in guys. Prove me wrong. 

I like food, working out, and puppies.

Insta: mahreeseeah environmentalist, dancer, laugher  Short
Sassy
Northern 
Hispanic
SC: BreeMercixx  no im not going to send you more pictures of me. I know im hot and if you r lucky , you will meet me and see it.  Sagittarius                                                                 Leo                                                                             Virgo                                                                          Leather jackets, marlboro reds, psychadelics, shades, and being damaged are my aesthetic. Need more friends, smoke buds, etc.  Pothead, cosmically enlightened, writer, recreational druggie, peculiar. Hmu. You got questions I probably have answers. Live between Mexico and NYC. :) If you dont like dogs, naps, & country music pls keep swiping Pot smoking atheist your mom will absolutely hate. I care more about fantasy basketball than I do about you.

5'7" 115lbs
Instagram: Celestialflesh wussup!!
only here for a lil bit
pretty shy i tend to hurt myself a lot ovr anything
4/10 chances of me messaging first
cursed images and shitposting r my favorite
im pretty short yes make fun of me
n rock music is my favorite but im open to any genre
like girls who dont do much but post on their spam? i got u big time
say hi!  59, I love music, play guitar, (mediocre mami ) singer, real extra lol but quite delightful 
Your energy will be matched buddy, give me whack shit, youll get it. 420 in my blood stream rn 
If I super liked you, it was accidental  Shoot ya shot and see if u make it 
 a sneaker head if u not into shoes we not talking 
Pre-vet student  
 not DTF so dont HMU on that type of timing
Looking to enjoy the rest of my summer
Ig:lowkey_chrissy
Sc:x.xchrissyxx
 vine historian & suffering NY Rangers fan 

grad student at Binghamton In NYC for a few weeks 

@victoriawallen All glory and praise to God He is #1 in my life above all Every triangle is a love triangle when you love triangles Ig: perimorgan Engineer in construction management NYC Wellesley Spain
And now I've moved back to NYC
I'm an elementary school teacher 
I love to travel
Looking to meet new people/ make some new friends Hi, lets talk. Can I bleach your head? - All around writer 
- Professional pancake flipper 
- 5'10 on a good day 
- Binge-watching champ
- Parle d'un petit franais or I'm just really good at using Google translate u decide Probably the cutest plug you've ever had Just a girl looking for someone to get high with and go to Taco Bell NYC Hmu if you wanna know me sc//Kiara.f1223 I'll make you dessert, if you don't like it, there is always me ;)

We can chat on Instagram, Add me it's ( cuteluna12 ) 26 years old I know I like look young but I guess its just good genes. Petite and short if you dont like that oh well >  Recent psychology student graduate looking into getting my masters.I like the small things in life. Taking a nice walk around Central Park, Enjoying a good movie, Walking around the beach during the summer. I like to help others I feel satisfied when I do. Fluent in Portuguese and Spanish Looking for to build a friendship that will hopefully blossom into a relationship. No FWBs  UCD One of a kind (kind of) About 510 - my doctor 

That annoying girl who talks about traveling too much -a random girl I went to high school with

A wannabe swimsuit modelmy best friend

Really great at riding - the elephant in the last photo 

A wonderful sense of humor- my dad

My Venmo is @Claire-Lise-Greve -Me

Btw OU still sucks -also me swipe right if you tryna be friends
 Alaska born and raised//Colorado is home Carpe Diem  Always looking for new adventures!
Currently looking for a girl to join me and my bf. currently knitting a fairly mediocre looking scarf 

if you don't like breakfast I don't like you. 

just kidding I just really like breakfast. Oj didnt do it tho  a big girl, deal with it.
Pisces 
 56 and superr bisexual 
Netflix, weed, and takeout type vibes
IF YOU A FUCK BOY PLEASE LEAVE ME ALONE I WILL FIGHT YOU  GO FUCK UP SOMEONE ELSES LIFE  Aster

  

Software engineer, audio nerd, cyclist, bisexual, leftist. I have two cats that drive me crazy.

In a committed relationship, mostly just looking for new friends and hookups. Always down to explore a new neighborhood.

Send me your favorite obscure vine Try not to fall in love with me,  busy. Send me your natal chart so I know that its real.

IG - @sheshilARIUS

Booking headshot appointments and photo shoots for late Dec and January! Hit me up if you want a fire tinder pic  hot clown
modern love is an algorithm Home for the holidays (the girl in all my pictures is my lovely gf)  yoga & jazz
bike everywhere they/he. t4t. firesign4firesign

lets both pretend were good at pool

brainstorm collabing on a film thing

trade hand poke tats

or whatev

ig @mullet4mullet Social introvert so I tend to just hide in a corner drawing on napkins.
You're a cool chick ? Let's be friends, people watch and make fun of them.
You're a cool guy ? Let me peg you and paint your nails black. 
Like boobs ? So do I , make me happy and pay up for mines 
Honestly all I want is to befriend attractive queer artistic  gender fluid people 


press me with memes and your fav taco spot bklyn (:
dont h8, but i get b8k'd
to be a true player you have to know how to play the best gift I've ever received is Donald Trump loo roll // I'm a gift i love animals. estj. .

snap: dinosaurcat

watch me lift on insta: @caseykammz Already regret downloading this app!!!   I live in Boreum hill, I like playing guitar and looking at plants, art and bad reality tv. I also like hiking, going upstate, enjoying fall weather, and drinking pumpkin spice beer (weather permitting). I chopped off the pink part of my hair so if ur here for that keep on moving  Slovenian Love a good brunch Hi. New to NYC
Show me where the good food is
 Annoying asf
Ive got a big ass forehead 
Sweetheart 
Taller than the average woman 
Pulled a Britney
Born up north, but raised in tha $oUtH
Kris Jenner is my idol (im serious)
Some days I have long hair, some days I dont 

-Be sure of yourself before you contact me
-No sociopath/psychos pls and thank youuu
-If I say no, dont try to change my mind, or youll feel my wrath. Cmon now, dont be stupid.

 a Virgo (if that even matters to yall)

:): NYC Travel, make music, watch Harry Potter & repeat. 
IG: avalauren03 Baby its cold outside, warm me up? 

Likes: mulled wine, Netflix originals, dogs

Follow my shenanigans on ig @dontcallmetori  52 BK Capricorn 
Smart Independent Black and Boricua Woman

Stationed in Maryland. Will be back in NY for Christmas 

Taking a break from tinder atm.

IG: hazel_lisa Sapiosexual
Nov 28
Spoken word artist
#blacklivesmatter
 I can outsmoke you

From NY

If we match and you dont hmu; youre a PUSSSS

NO LONGER HAVE THE PIERCING 

99% of niggas on here act like BITCHES

NO IM NOT DTF, NO I DONT WANNA BE FWB JUST MEETING NEW PEOPLE 18,softball player,, meh this aint it chief but Ill give it a shot, give me a reason to get off this app I like
playing 
repetitive tasks (putting letters in envelopes, variable separation)
strippers, knives I'm just a fun, funny, love caring gal  
  
SC: diglesias19
IG: _dagmaris Ig: cozydeee Talk to me to find out 
insta - jayded.x LA  Fav food is lychees looking for someone who can think of a funny bio I just got out of a long-term relationship so message me while  still vulnerable.  
Add my IG: Alaya_Monique  nej. Remember kids, if you dont sin jesus died for nothing Bk / philly

I love olives and video art and my kitten
I hate oatmeal and squirrels I like the arts, open-minded people, and dark rum. 
I'm into the simple things.
Try to impress me, I dare you

I'd recommend starting with something other than "Hey," "What's up?" Or anything of that variety (or lack thereof). If you really need a convo starter, find out whether or not I swiped right because I think you'd actually make a really good friend 


Ig: @shantel.loraine
(If we don't match, messages sent on other social media platforms will not be answered ) Brazilian. I like music, trips, biology and enjoy the life. @juuumiranda From NYC, living in Berlin. 23
Hunter College 
Trini/Bajan with a splash of Asian blood 
Live, Laugh, and Love...that's all there is to it! 

SB: Anti-Fuckboy zone!! Pups, pizza, lazy days & adventures Living life one minor inconvenience at a time.
Interested in anything with a pulse (will consider the undead on a case by case basis) YO MY BIRTHDAY WAS THIS WEEK!(11/27)
 I just moved to Brooklyn from Arkansas so my life is kind of boring but my social butterfly will come out eventually.q

If you like The Office, Parks and Recreation, or Brooklyn 99 well get along just fine. 
If not Ill be happy to binge watch them with you

420 friendly writer + music lover
cat lady
thai food enthusiast
i have short hair now lol


@ariellebtw on instagram Spunky 

Looking for someone to pay my adobe subscriptions ;)


V good at riddles
Newly allergic to limes Brooklyn NY
Will love to have some one that will love to play sports such as soccer football and basketball
Would like to find my one true love 
After a long day at school and work I would love some one to cuddle with  I like country music and play guitar. I LOVE DOGS. 
Not looking for anything super serious but dont do one night stands, so something in between. 
I like scotch and red wine. 
My back always hurts so Ill like you a lot more if you give good massages. 
I will not send nudes no matter how persuasive you think you are. Dont send me yours either. 
Try to impress me with your one of a kind conversation starter. The face of a cereal killer 

   IG Takeeitpersonal_ Fashionista. NYC Chick. 
Travel Enthusiast

Don't gain the world and lose your soul, wisdom is better than silver or gold-Bob Marley

If you cant handle me picking off your plate, this isnt gonna work

DM me if you wanna get to know me

Ig: bridge.26
: bridgey1326 Sweet09xx kik. And instagram  jenny Nice to me  sweet sexy Nice  and more off u want talk about me see u  sanp chat sweet69 IG: adannasummers 
SC: adanna_summers  Connecticut chromophobic girl. 

pls love me, feed me, or return the clothes you borrowed back to me. kicked my 3rd grade teacher in the shins but didn't get in trouble cuz I was just so damn cute

Mostly silly, always hungry send it
ig cindyyma New York born and raised, seeing what LA is all about 

 College graduate 
NYC living 

Love food 
Love shopping 
Love Traveling where we off too next? 
Sing or play forever your lady and Ill love you forever promise 
If you have a smart mouth and attitude issues stay awayyyyy nothing I need
Taking a social media cleanse to much drama
Do not try to disrespect me if never disrespected you period!!!!!!!
If you short and  short how is that gonna work love  get the gist Hey, not a catfish but  in nursing so you might see me at my worst sometimes lol 

 shy at first but get to know me and I become a bubbly person 

Disclaimer: I have short hair rn, the other pics are from summer bec thats when my skin was its best  Make a silly conversation College Grad
Dont waste my time, simple.  a little spice your
Missing 
just want a cutee vibe to be mines 
Snap : Lovenellysa_3 Romantic goal setter who travels often and rather spend time in NY than NJ and the rest requires more than a bio 
Ghoulish Overkill 
Last night I ordered a pizza by myself, and I ate it over the sink like a rat. Might make you watch endless hours of Netflix, sorry in advance.
Insta: @abbeycarroll Dont be a narc. Just tryna meet new people it's fine High n bi  from nyc!! Tell me about your music taste  i made this profile completely wasted Computer Engineering Major at Binghamton University, I'm probably watching food shows or dance videos right now I Love Going On FOOD Dates 
Vegetarian
Lets Be Friends, Lets Vibe 
57 
Add Me On IG: @daniellerenee___
June Baby  SC: ohsnapitzg Not here for hookups..
52 for those who care 
Sc: i.sixela  Caution: contents haute 
I wanna do cute things like bake cookies and go to cat cafes and expose famous ppl who are actually reptilians ya feel
Are you a chaos muppet or an order muppet? Silly, short, spiritual, sweet-toothed, saucy, spellbinding, stoner, sprite! ive got the body of a hans bellmer doll and the attitude of fran drescher, but also, not really. 
infj if that's what ur into

queer I don't super like so if i did it was an accident lol
It be like that sometimes Idk man Extremely middle child who gets teary-eyed thinking about School of Rock Pros:
Feminist so will pay for my food
Always down for intellectual conversations
Best bro ever
Will cut a bitch for you
Emotionally inaccessible/commitment-phobe (unless you're an Ahmadi)
Can go to a museum, dhaba, club, conference, riot, ballroom or your folk's with equal ease
Cons:
Only moderately funny
WE'll listen to a song I like 925x on repeat
Not street smart
Had amazing boyfriends so big shoes to fill in
Unresolved childhood trauma from being bullied
We're both dead if my dad finds out  Ramapo College '19 SC - Killa.Kozart 
 not into hookups so go away. What you give is what you get
ice skating
Actress 
Singer  
dancer
Waiting for a love story 
Christmas  Okay, who wants to go axe throwing? 

Sober and still rad. i dont actually use this 21 years old
Dominican & Proud
College student 
"Smarts_Beauty_Strength_Sports_ Everything in one Instagram @sheintofitness
Snapchat @sheintofitness Amateur fisherwoman Always reading // 
1 dog + 1 cat //
Yogi //
Likes hiking, beer, wine, coffee, modernist literature, social justice // 
PNW // not a morning person, and not shy at all.  i have many addictions. not on tinder too much so if i dont respond ina while dont worry :) Colorado is the best state. I skied directly out of the womb and hit a bong. I can guide myself anywhere using the rocky mountains. Coors beer runs through my veins. 

Just moved to Brooklyn!
Colorado native 
SCAD Grad - Savannah, GA

Interests:

Hobbies include (but are not limited to): karaoke. cracking open a cold one with the girls. shredding the gnar. wielding my lasso of truth. punk rock (im a closeted emo). Feminist. Democrat. Costco member. Living in Brooklyn, just killing time until I take up birdwatching or extreme crafting. I like to make art and my favorite color is red.
 Lets go on an adventure  62 Scientologist Yes  19...
Just a puertorican looking for my cute ass white boy 
Clawsis one of the greatest shows of all time 
Csi 
Ig: nalii500 The only reason I want a bae is so that when I'm singing Fergilicious and she's at the part where she says "I be up in the gym, just working on my fitness he's my witness." I'll point to him and he'll do that "wooHoo" part because right now I have to do both and its really stressful because as soon as I finish that part I have to get back to rapping and by that time I'm out of breath and transitioning back into rapping is a lot harder than you think

Also I'm almost tall (5'9)... Bad at excel, directions, and about mes, but good at pretending otherwise Diva is a female version of a hustler            Chef/Entrepreneur I think the worst thing you can do on tinder is saying that you love watching netflix in your bio. Like who tf doesnt. Swipe right if you agree or want to prove me wrong  let's stay up late and watch horror movies NYC x FL Only talk to me if you have a clever pick up line searching for partner-in-crime whose sole purpose is to join me in eating too much chipotle and rubbing our food babies after  > CE student 
> league player ME: Quirky and tv obsessed, with a sweet tooth and a taser (for protection.) I've only used it once. Very directive + creative. 

YOU: Love to follow orders and would call yourself an exhibitionist. Prefer to be told what to do. Put my pleasure before yours, always. 

Superlike if you're a sub 

***Visiting London in late January! Tour guides welcome***

Bonus:
What's your fave lifehack?

What about you would surprise me? Dominican and Costa Rican 
Bored looking for someone I can chill and listen to music with
Goofy Pretty much same shit everyone else says 
Food
Dogs
Only things I need to survive 


Ig- daniellestavros__

If your looking for a sexual partner its gonna be a no from me dawg hi! 


instagram: maxtjaarda bringing back wallpaper 

Brooklyn native 

just back from the U.K

been gone a long time... show me your spots hmu to shoot hoops Hey! I'm a writer, reader, and adventurer!  :-) Would be nice to meet new people. I was emo af in high school. I love concerts and music festivals. I have a bad addiction to memes and I love dogs  Oh and I'm fat 

Cancer  ... If that means anything to you
 uw grad student
i like naps, pho, and tequila  Better ask my momma how to make a monster. 

Garbage girl. Usually holding stuff. Animal lover  Plant eater  goofy

snap: ginadoran
twitter: ginaeww Pansexual, polyamorous
Piano, art, red wine Brooklyn gal 

If you voted for Trump, swipe left. 

Just looking for a boy to treat me right with invigorating conversation. Maybe we can meet for drinks or coffee?

I kickbox and am pursuing work in the hospitality industry. 

 Just a pre-med student trying to live life the best way I can.  NYC Having spent a few months on here, Ive come to some clear conclusions. The first is that I need to be as transparent as humanly possible, so here we go:

1) though it may seem odd,  not looking for a fuck. I can facilitate that quite easily offline. 

2) I do not drink and will not meet you at a bar or lounge. 

3) I wont engage in one-sided conversations, I.e. I ask all the questions and you give boring answers. 

Look,  not for the faint of heart. 
Tread lightly. || Well if you just want the punani, you can dip and suck yuh muddah dawg lmaoo . || Social Media: Insta @dessmyname , Snap @gvldn.unicvrns || 58 **if youre shorter, dont swipe right lmao** || && dont swipe right if you cant hold a conversation !! ||  || I from Colombia 
Stay in NYC
Follow my IG: majo.150  life is short. drive fast and leave a sexy corpse. will love you in a Bentley and will most definitely love you on a bus Love music, love photography Living in madrid  Laid back, fun, adventurous bisexual woman living in BK. Looking for equally laid back, fun and adventurous folks to enjoy all the city has to offer with me! 
 got the best of both worlds  
BI.. 5'1 ..Asian and Puerto Rican 

Photographer 
Major fucking weeb 
Come drink and smoke with me
Someone waste my time

 : edenlamboy
 : Brooklyn.x.sht 26.
Brooklyn/Crown Heights.

entertainment enthusiast.
artist. nerd. kinda awkward.
i'm also a licensed pyrotechnician so that's a fun thing to know about me i guess.

interests include but aren't limited to: a song of ice and fire, game grumps, lots of different podcasts, video games, theatre. Fun, Smart, Outgoing. I live to travel, shop party! I work a lot but I play a lot as well. New to the city 
By the way  not skinny  so dont try to say I cat-fished you 
Hit me up with your best joke 
Oh so you tryna meet, meet
tiana_reed51 Swipe right for mean kitty


5'10, yea I'm chubby deal w it Terrified of the dark, love the mountains, and a good corny joke is my favorite Jamaican-born.  Florida-raised. Brooklyn-trained. 
What am I looking for on Tinder? Serendipity. 

Oh yea, 52.25 
Lol  Tall glass of milk 
Ice cold baby I'm ice cold. I honestly hate leaving my bed I love working out and can cook an amazing meal.  always down to party. 

Dog mom Very busy fucking shit up. Lets talk tunes! I'll steal ur clothes and look better in them than u 
actually 19
(pronounced mee-ka) it's pronounced kylie  19

msg first :)

wild thought .. lets have a conversation 

ig : kylieiskailey Issa snack  

Not interested in hookups ... just networking && searching for potential BAE!!

*must be able to provide*

Ig @vogue.x3
Business page @thebundlesbar.co
#supportsmallbusinesses  brasileira from New York. 

Ill be in paris till December studying

Surf | travel | drink

In need of somebody to support my alcoholism 
 Skidmore College 
NYC 
In da club we all fam If u dont like thicc vegan bitches dont bother!

queer
*20
Last pic is me and my son comp sci and photo baby 

Queer shawty

I love to cook and bake :3 

I have a buzzed head , yahoo 
 Insta: @insektra first of all, i'm rage glowing. haha wait what NYC 
Lol yes I had a tinder before but deleted it Apparently  supposed to sound less mean, so. Men are still trash.
Not looking for a hookup, dont embarrass yourself. Animation is my passion  A very ethical slut In a polyamorous relationship If you don't know how to hold a conversation then don't bother  Guess what? I have flaws.  What are they? Oh, I don't know. Sometimes I sing in the shower? Sometimes I spend too much time volunteering. Occasionally, I'll hit someone with my car. Just moved from Boston to Brooklyn for a book publishing job and in need of a tour guide :) I like nature, dark comedies, and sensibly named pets. 27 year old fashionista.  transsexual layabout Pretty enough to stop your heart and skilled enough to restart it #ERNurse 

Ask Me.....

If you dont like fluffy, you should definitely swipe left #fluffgod

Men who like/love cats are weird

Flexing in front of cars you dont own Proficient in Microsoft Office from Michigan 

12/19-12/30 NYC
12/30-Prague 
1/3-Paris my diet consists of chicken nuggets and taco bell
im pretty good at solving problems
theatre major lemme getta bacon egg and cheese High vibes, low maintenance. Come dance

Only swipe right if youre weird please and thank you Make me a shape  From Brussels doing an internship in Brooklyn In my opinion i have the biggest and coziest bed in brooklyn

My favorite movie is Wallace and grommit: the curse of the were-rabbit Brooklyn


IG: @niiicoco_ Senior at MTSU  trying to find someone cool  Retired band nerd  your local shelter dog advocate 
nyc but somehow ended up in sav for college
(ask for my website so you can buy my art) Add my instagram @lolo.east
I Do Have A Silky Line Called NvffseddVVS that you can add to your Drip 
Instagram for my brand: Nuffsedd.vvs Artist | Genderqueer femme aka queer as in fuck you | Black | Latinx | Anarchocommunist | NYC | Nonmonogamous | FTP | Lots of  in my chart | 
she/her

Instagram: xxrayferreiraxx

 tired leaf
moody
whatever I write, I act, I comedy.

(I wish comedy was a verb) 

Funny & Sweet > Rich & Hot > Mean & Conservative 

Ask me about my red flags! 

Looking for someone to ruin my life.



5
Scorpio  
Capricorn  
Sagittarius  Dont block your blessings. Yes, I do laugh at my own jokes 
If you have an accent I love you already
 
IG : jennazinn If your name is Amadeus Marinucci please vacate the premises. Curious I guess  purposefully ambiguous 


     Doing double takes and scribbling notes Snapchat : Dearnickiiii 
 Instagram : _Dearnicki What was your aim screen name? No, I dont want your hookup

Just chill peeps plz Shoutout to the person who unmatched me because I said  Dominican Asshole. Australian. 

https://youtu.be/rQMZKyaYeSc 5'4 Laid Back ...
Smoke Hella Weed 
Libra  
Bartender
Lookin 4 Someone To Build With
If u not gonna ask me on a date swipe left  NJ Puerto Rican & Russian    
BROOKLYN made 
Humble, Educated, focused, down to Mars super saiyan.
Looking for  dates, FRIENDS , emotionally stable ppl to connect with. If I happen to be infatuated with U...cool 
Stimulating conversation 
, ,420, food, traveling , art, music ...

Like to be spoiled.  

Definitely more than what meets the eye.
  about substance idc how many ppl tell you youre cute 
PS if you didnt survive Brooklyn in the 90s your not from Brooklyn 
 I dont Cuddle bihh 
 woof woof you big dumb idiots Insta: @marieyumeno 
Just moved to nyc 
Ice cream and ramen are my favorite things  Dead account // not single



IG: smallblackangry 
57, curly, laughing, laidback weirdo.
Bearded, big-armed & burly types are aces , as are lots of other types. Please be taller than me I know you   looking for queerdos / fun weirdos, bonus for good taste in anime
 they/them pronouns
 my cat loves compliments !
 ethically nonmonogamous Looking for a book recommendation 
Live/ work in Brooklyn 
No vegans  Damn, earth go hard           


Insta: @stellariosss Math Teacher
NY-> Maui 

Lets get Thai food and go hike to some waterfalls with your dog 

Please swipe left if you are on vacation here!  

Insta:@heybrklynn Dont check here much if I dont answer dm me on insta  Brazilian living in New York. FLNY

 I just like to have fun, talk to me I dont bite. Nursing Major. Pittsburgh Freelancer and cat lover! Love adventure and try new things.  - dont take life too seriously Want To Text?

Looking For A Boyfriend 

I Like Mines Tall 

P.S if you looking for a size 6 it's not me  sociology/art/J.D. student

Playing dress up 24/7  

I plan to get a PhD 

Can't live without cute things. #kawaii 

Looking for friends first. I'm not your fucking doll
Queer 
IG: biohazard_angelz  NYC . misandrist Hi can we just be human together....like just do face masks and talk about our feelings while I disrespect you in overwatch....maybe forever i don't want thing's that won't last 
 Say hi with the intent of more
And you haven't swiped right on me because.....
Also i change my hair as often as you lie Spaghetti Person seeking connection with other Spaghetti People

Talk Seinfeld to me Wine enthusiast, hockey watcher, avid dog petter  gentle posing
&
sultry storytelling Need to make some new friends
Please be taller than me  52
I like guys with beards
NYC 
Taurus
Snapchat: xeniaaa_xoxo
IG-Xeniniii, (barely on it tho)
I never super like anyone so it was an accident  Alcoholic 
 511 
IF YOURE SHORTER THAN ME , SWIPE LEFT 
IG :  Emoni_Lee
 : Emoni.lee

 You wont know if you dont ask  The cats name is Jinx and he has three legs because he did parkour off my apartment roof. Pls warn your loved ones on the dangers of parkour. 53 I like to put on some slow jamz, twirl around my room and pretend  some kind of angelic being.

Don't strive to be daddy when you can be senpai.


  just a short goofy extremely bored gal interested in chit chatting with like minded individuals.  here, like most struggling with my own grad school journey. 

I enjoy witty banter, never ending debates, Hiking, dental hygiene, big dogs, late night texting & Traveling (36 countries so far)

dont care for age, height or race,  a sucker for hairy chested men & good sense of humor.

send a msg, I dont bite, unapologetically would grab your cheeks on the 2nd date 
Great vibes or issa dub 
Females to kick it with 
Dudes on a chill tip

Gotta hit up my IG 
Dont use this really

IG: koopsta13  Premed & Biology major
Insta:briellereilly 
 
I just want someone to treat me like a fortnite victory NYC
  
Love animals, books and classic rock
and food  I will likely call you star and be flirty. Come find out  UMD Mechanical Engineering 2020 (ish?)
NYC born and raised  
-
inspectelement.bandcamp.com bring garden salsa sun chips WUS GOOD


Me and my bestfriend are looking for some spontaneous people to show us the best places, the best people, the best drinks, the best tattooshops, concerts, late-night adventures! 

Hit me uppp from the future

@9riselda Looking for a greasy malnourished dude with shit tons of tattoos and if youve got your face tattooed, well shit, come meet my moms and eat my luscious pussy Satisfaction is the death of desire
Metalsmith/jeweler 

Instagram | unitedstatesofmesh Food is always mandatory
6'1  Just trying to figure out if you can ever truly get to know someone on here     _()_/ My emo phase is alive and well, thank you for asking // 55 cause apparently that matters Who tryna have some fun  : ) Frequently says yall
big fan of arcades and cartoons 
Fluent in obscure spongebob quotes 
Twitter memes and vine quotes are always A1
Honestly, never really grew out of my emo phase 


Lets chill, watch fairly odd parents and make out lol Farm aficionado on pasture rotation.   I like em all. Outgoing and goofy
Snap- mimi_0320
Insta- mimii_0320
Girls are welcome
Like to try new things Beautiful soul Brazilian living in Bay Area  No need for small talk. I'm doing fine, and so are you

Born in Moscow > Minneapolis at 16 > NYC at 17

Future veterinarian. Current vegetarian
Fluent:    Some:    
Once tried to screenshot a crack on my phone

I love ladies figure skating. If you have thoughts on it beyond asking if I've seen I, Tonya, I'll fall in love

My father collects pinball machines and I've played since I was 3. 


 
Lets go on adventures and send each other dank memes  thats not my name
57 Threw in a pic of me drinking water out of a wine glass as an indication that I feel fancy no matter what. "The danger is I'm dangerous and I might just tear you apart"

Prefers to go by Becca
Puerto Rican  
Hunter Graduate 
Brooklyn Born & Bred 
Child of Gawd  
Looking for True Love or Someone to buy mii Tacos 
Need them Flirty but alil Nerdy  Look, I study bio because I excel at it. I love political science. World peace. And tell me stories, please. Hood is life. STOCK BROKERS STAY AWAY, please!  I cant handle your ego or schedule. Its tinder not grindr chill out--
Jimi Hendrix is my husband just looking for side hoes
 
- thefabolous_ari
-shotcreatorari Only valid mac is annies shells change my mind If you like trump, dont identify as an anti-racist or a feminist, hate dogs, or have an s/o while using this app, just spare us both and swipe left now xoxo

Sincerely,

Uma

P.S. if u have a dog in ur profile and it doesnt belong to u then Ill consider that catfishing (figure that one out). 

Instagram- Filia_Luna
Snapchat- x_Filialuna

Model/Singer/Tattooist/Painter/Designer. 
freak 4 freak I love to paint and draw 
Lets go get drinks/have tea or somethin and talk  Brooklyn 
Wine a dine, play with my hair and send me memes


@lilkrusey In Paris for the week, someone be my tour guide!
From NYC  Hometown tinder got me SHOOK Silver haired siren.

I love animals, nature, and genuine ppl  WUS GOOD

Visiting NYC to 9th of December 
Me and my bestfriend are looking for some spontaneous people to show us the best places, the best people, the best drinks, the best tattooshops, concerts, late-night adventures! 

Hit me upppp Australian living in NYC Pisces 

 + 

mostly want some likeminded friends  
Loves to smoke hookah, hang out 
Into vibes 
Not looking for anything serious but what ever happens happens 
Add me on snap  gudmo16  just here to find my friends cheating bf Medical student in training  looking to gain more adventures and meet more interesting people so making friends or language partners too are welcome   Looking for a cat tbh

 1.70m
ig: @ctrljump / @ctrlplay 4'11
follow my ig: @leannadurrua

*thats my gay cousin in the last pic  Not into games very chill and laid back, love anime my favorite thing to watch. Scary movies are the best theyre hilarious 

Call of duty  my fav, gamer girl 

Food is the stairway to the soul foodie 


420  Amos: Liyaababy   not cooler on the internet. MUA recherche modles pour photoshoot Looking for a guy that I can look at the same way I look at French fries  Israeli girl who came to live the American dream in NYC 
Looking for someone to feel comfortable with for casual relationship and maybe even more than that. READ ME 
Guys I know I might be pretty an yes my personality matches but please be aware I am trans. No I am not with games. Let's get to know each other hang out. You'll see I'm dope to be around if you smoke it's a plus. Just moved back to NY after living in Myrtle beach for a year let see where this goes. fashion designer

not eevee

 Just living my life and looking to meet some cool people along the way :) 5.2  Bedstuy NYC - Brooklyn |  | Masters Program Student | Christian | 

Why match if we arent going to chat LOL Just looking for friends and fun 
Half Swedish half Mexican
Cross country & track Come with a glass slipper and well go from there
Ig: @marilyn_randazzo probably wont message first
flaming hot cheeto connoisseur 
total and complete loser 
manic pixie dream queer next door @tiffdo zzz
@sophiarubykatz enthusiastic midwesterner, sorta tall. dive bars, bagels, etc. trying to run farther and cook better! 51 Fuck your zodiac sign.

Venus being in the 7th moon is not why youre irrational. At this point, its out of sheer boredom.

 also a writer; give me fodder.

58 New York/ LA 
IG: Sara_hansen What are you reading? 
Irish gal  5'6
Carribean
Love seafood
Ask me what anime I watched
Insta: _blessedjewel I find humor in a lot of things, often the atypical & the absurd. 

I went to college in NYC & got the travel bug studying abroad. I'm fortunate enough to have gotten a job that challenges me, is creative, philanthropic, & allows me to travel the world. Not too shabby. 

I'm a huge fan of the arts & like to experience as much of them as I can on a daily basis. NYC is definitely the perfect place for that. "Time is an illusion, lunchtime doubly so" -Douglas Adams 

Radio host. Former family-band bassist. Part time stand-up comedian. Musician. Philosopher. Looking for friends to get existential and weird with.

Definitions are restricting and futile but if it helps I'm at least a little gay  Very important. Also cool! Passively trying 

Constantly stuck between getting fucked up and my self care routine

Like, do I down this bottle of red or be good to my body and have tea? 
Feel me?

Brooklyn based 

 Aspiring Opera Singer
Bisexual 
Black and Japanese
Tatted
ISFJ SC: reesepuffs6 / IG: itgurl_tee27 / Good Vibes Only / immature antics pls swipe left / fast replies only / Brooklyn/ Dont be boring. Whisky drinker 
Football junkie 
Major in Audio Tech/Live sound SAE
If youre Irish or Scottish I probably love you already  

 I was raised by a single dad so shopping for you wouldnt be a issue  
-/would probably wake up at 6Am to move your car 
 4 tattoos and counting 
Sc-Smileymostdeff 
Can I take you home for the holidays? 

Take me to see Ed Sheeran so I know its real- 

be my Jack Pearson, or my Derek Shepherd just dont die on me!  Yeeeerrrrrrrrrr!!                                             Trying something new. I sometimes suck at responding first... mah B. First time on here, just going with the flow. Old school vibes. On a journey to live my best life. But waddup tho  korean just out here trynna be cuddled
will definitely come through if youve got a big dog
you handle dinner, ill handle dessert  waiting for Mark Ruffalo to get divorced Florida state alumni  
Give her multiple mindgasms while going down on her thoughts . 

 I have a child with paws named Roxie, we come as a package .. yes there's a picture of her on here .  

id like somoeone not to waste my time and watch the office with me  o word home for break and bored af 

**20 not 21 (yeah,  disappointed too) 21 53  Jamaican  
Virgo 
College Girl 
Dont Waste My Time
Known For Ruining Lives 
Only want a vibe not looking for a relationship  Just be you, but be a fun you, that's down for fun activities
Love to travel
Open to new experiences
Dick enthusiast 
Hate small talk...I really do
I'm not for the long texting or messaging, face to face has to be an eventuality...duh  fatter in person  Don't waste my time.  Hey hey! I'm a major anime nerd that loves video games. You can always catch me drawing or crying at Ghibli movies.
I have many interests.... Well minus sports.
I'm kinda shy? At first anyways, get to know and you'll see how loud and full of energy I am.

I really love going to movies and is always down going out for lunch 

Feel free to add me on PSN is you like to play dead by deadlight and Overwatch
HarajukuKiller  (INFJ) My entire closet is black.  a socially awkward, social psychologist (MA student). Yes -  Italian but a born and bred New Yorker. I spend 90% of my time with my dog. I will stop on the street to take pictures of flowers. I love dark chocolate and late night existential conversations over a J, tell me what makes you happiest in life? I sing along to every song and watch Disney movies in my free time 

Nutrition and exercise science major working towards grad school Less is more  52 
Loves food and adventures 
Social worker in the making 
A sucker for 90s R&B music
Just looking for a good vibe and to have fun You be Jim & Ill be Pam. 

NYC. Super weird & anxiety ridden with a warped sense of humor. 

Think the red jumpsuit apparatus meets juvenile. 

Unrealistically realistic. I remind people to remind me to do things.

I'm 5'8 so please be over 6'1.

I don't trust cat people.

If you're here just looking for ass, swipe left and save us both the trouble. Gamze is a variation of  persian origin name Ghamzeh. 
P.S. No,  not Persian. 

imagination, music, dance, fashion, design, photography, cinema, performing arts, yoga, meditation 
and evolution...

P.S. II If you are the person can calm me in this chaotic realm, you are a Winner !!!


Life is my  big art project..



ONLY GOOD PEOPLE & GOOD VIBE  Wtf is good for NYE Looking for someone who can handle my Taurus ways  3 things:
Art. Joy. Water. 
Instead just ask about me... simple . Want something chill, not mindless. 
r/niceguys & r/nicegirls need not apply  

I'm 5'9". I'm allergic to s. I don't trust headless torsos. I'm bi, but not your threesome . Too social for my own good. Enjoy a whiskey neat.  when I can. 

current: #RandomActsofFlyness, GoW, Rick & Morty, GoT, TWD 

Full-Stack Web Dev @ Flatiron School  

PS don't slide into my IG dm's   Dream date: we get drunk and throw stuff off my roof All men are pigs and  in the mood for bacon.
Swipe right if you can make me laugh. i wish i had a twin    
I want to be the reason you smile while you unlock your phone at the sight of my name in your notifications, then walk into a pole because you were so enchanted by me  

Educator/Financial Consultant/Young Entrepreneur/Pet Lover and Sitter/Social Justice Warrior/Adventure/ and etc..

Snd me memes pls & ty

Other forms of communications because  quite not active here:

Sc: JRoyal731
IG: catracha_nicoya

If we connect on social media then please inform me of how & send a selfie  iso a christmas date to the museum of natural history 

and a sugar-parent Just looking for a  to go to gigs with Brooklyn 
IG Tynishamariee From 
Propuse of my account is having  friends around  Insta/snap slipkind  i'm a august born Leo i enjoy writing poetry and short novels.  i enjoy British,south African and Australian accents.  i like karaoke bars and not only to sing but watching drunk people attempting to sing can be very amusing.  my favorite drink is a long island cuz it works the fastest.  i've recently discovered i'm part Lithuanian as well as Polish From Buenos Aires, Argentina living in NYC Show me where to get the best house plants. just tryna listen to some good music, pet dogs and hang around outside From Argentina, currently living in NY 

I like cats.
But if you don't, that's cool.
 ??????  
21 they-them virgo who can't multitask
I love to take pictures and not a real dj  sorry 

just a regular old bartender who is trying to finish  and then who knows what

i just got a new synthesizer teach me how to use it better 

you may buy me a present if you wish

@dj_truck_nuts I swore I would never get Tinder ..  & here I am 

Barista by day.. assistant teacher by evening  
Lazy days in with my cat are my favorite 
Bar or Movie Night 
 always cold but also always down for ice cream  
Dont ask me what I do for fun .. I live under a rock 
.. super shy at first but once you get to know me, I talk really fast & really blunt .. probably wont shut up most of the time  Hiking, camping, being outside and enjoying every moment

I'll make you laugh so hard that you pee your pants

I like respectful people( which is very hard to come across these days( not into meaningless hookups. 

just got home from a solo backpacking trip!  actually 20
New Jersey
Weed friendly 
I'm chubby
Seeking for a relationship 
I'm Colombian Ecuadorian, in other words I'm Hispanic af



 I like my puns intended ;)  nearsighted Music Movies and Makeup is my thing  Ask me anything. Innocent Smile | Complex Soul | Chocolate and Cupcake Lover | Profound Thinker | Mad  Scientist | 1111 | Hip-Hop Connoisseur | Walking Contradiction |  dont usually get on apps like this but I was bored and figured Id give it a try ...   23 years old .  from Brooklyn . I am a mother to a beautiful little girl  i am a mother before anything .  looking to build and grow with someone , so if your looking to play games then keep swiping left .. dont waste ya time 

I love my darkskinsss  Just tryna get to know ya 

No hook ups Goal oriented  friendly and sometimes shy ..  born n raised in the spice isle GRENADA   Young, broke, free-spirited  Hey!
Nursing major who loves dancing, food, art, fashion, and green tea. 
Will find me in a thrift store. 
 vegan
Talk Bernie to me
only 5'1 ish 
I am not on often so be patient Dont let my photos give you the impression that I go a lot of places cause I dont lol. But I would like to travel more

!! NO HOOKUPS!! Looking for someone to have an actual relationship with A little English girl and #funperson Brooklyn,NY 
4/20 friendly 
SC: princess_briix3
IG: brianna__2x (two underscores) follow my meme page @fuckingfightmeme Colombian around NYC one dessert at a time  Russian spy NYC until January
What about...?
Lol  
Spanish 100%
English 85%
Deutsch 10% (help!)

Even in the sluttiness we find levels  IG: @alvaaarezj huge bitch heart eyes 4 cheese fries  they/them

interests include my sourdough starter and words for groups of animals. we out here Jeb Bush did 9/11 : @stephanieweiss Aspiring baker but actually a Nursing Student with a Spanish minor aha 
NYC  ||  Pitt '21

Likes:
McDonald's 
Coffee
Picnics 
Caroline
Beaches 

Dislikes:
Cold weather but somehow I now live in Pittsburgh 
Pittsburgh transportation system (especially the buses fuck them) Chemical engineer in the making.
Love food and traveling. 
Live by Excitement.


IG: prableen20197 Spending 2 months at home in NYC before entering the Air Force as an airborne linguist. I speak Chinese  

57 outgoing introvert  Kinda like a cute lil puppy! but with less patience 411 , Scorpio , 20, I LOVE NAPPING, i Love Anime Going Out And Partying , I Work So  Not Broke And  In School So I Aint A Dummy  Looking For A Vibe , What Ever Happens Happens I Guess                         IG : Sincliner_heux 60, yes  tall asf, next topic please
lets talk bout something interesting Shame shame shame I know your name maybe a muse just maybe tho
might write a poem about u
check out my work @softorwhateva on ig

superlikes are accidents dkskkxsk  pasta and people and tea and naps and animals and nature  Graphic and Web designer.
New in NYC. looking for company to explore the city and practice english.
Love to meeting new people so text me and we can grab some coffee, spent great time and maybe take a photos)))  in  looking4 dogs n daddys

@cashmere_cum Daddy long legs  Dubai - NYC - Japan Delaware State University  Instagram: gab_eee  Follow me (:  here for 24 hours. Entertain me. 59 Looking for a New Years kiss.
(Last picture is my nephew) Lets just go dancing 
Here for the experience and connection.
Sagittarius | #PracticingHappiness

If we match,
Its because of your vibe.  particular about my time.

I cultivate the energy around me to be uplifting.. I meditate, read, write, and laugh

IG: @wild_beaut @supimui IG:thekeylamolina   Are you what I'm looking for?

To all the serial killers:  not worth the murder charge, dont even try it

SC  @josettestaywet Tall, dark and handsome. I enjoy long walks on the beach, until the LSD wears off and I realize  just dragging a mannequin around Brooklyn. hey wanna pay attention to me Brooklyn girl                                                 Ig: lovely_erikax3  I'm Nice Funny Respectful Chill & I Like To Have Fun Go Out To Eat Lol I Love Food 
FB  Suprema Jones SC  t2unique131 NYC 
If You Dont Like Dope Chicks With Afros Swipe 
Not Present For Hookups, Swipe 
Gamer Mami 
Tall Men 
CULTURED Men
Dont Match Me & Stay Quiet 
Super Like To Get My Attention  Bartender & small business owner. 
 Marylin Monroe if she had a diamond covered tooth, listened to Pantera, and boxed.
My schedule is insane and makes me undateable 

Ex-figure skater for 14 years has made me painfully competitive but in a ~*cute*~ way. 

Sense of humor over everything. If you dont think  funny, Its not going to work out.
Tiny and feisty with a big personality. I enjoy tall people who lovingly put me in my place.

 IG: joey_kage 2 Truths 1 Lie ? 

I broke my leg in a rugby match 

I was born and raised in Brooklyn 

I rowed all 4 years of high school 

Let me know your answer... currently home for break, really just looking for someone to chill with but not necessarily comfortable posting my photos here. I love to eat, dance and generally act crazy/stupid ... message me if you wanna talk/hang! midwest trash

if you have a cat plz lead w that info Just moved out here from San Francisco 
 goofy as hell and like to dance and draw  | 59
 BBW aka big mami aka I can leave you on read just like these skinny bitches cuz I aint desperate
 Obsessed with chocolate . . . Not the candy
 I like my humor just like I like my men, dark
 Not a good aimer therefore I aint shooting my shot but youre welcome to
 superlike me so I know its real
:  jdbstrophy Lol so what can I say about myself.......
I think I can say for sure you most likely will end up being either my best friend that goes on the most craziest adventures because theres never a dull moment in my life or someone I end up falling over as corny as it may seem 
You can find me on Instagram 
@serenitydogandcatgrooming
Lol its not my business page ,but it might as well be with all the cute photos of pets on there Fiery. 
Love self-help books for some weird reason.
Study Swedish and French for fun.
Lived in Corsica for 6 months.
Traveled to 13 countries in one year. 
Looking for more stamps on my passport, but Ill settle for a miniature adventure around town. Just a girl with a curl  Nursing student so Ill probably answer your message a month late

Insta- janiebliss 
Just got my Masters degree soooo celebratory drinks? ive committed murder I'm just trying to get out of my shell a little more, so only swipe right if your satisfied with easygoing conversation

By the way I hope your having an amazing day!!!!! A  looking for baddies   (fwb)
Insta:  just.jaylynnn

Puerto Rican and Black American 
Optimistic yet open minded 
51  tall af
My name isnt Catherine 
Looking for Q Lazzarus


@melbunnyy Just looking for someone to get a family phone plan with. 

Vegan || music || Leo = my happiness 
Add me on snap: maybanko
Anything that has to do with Rick and Morty i would ABSOLUTELY talk about
I will not text first sorry  Funny girl, down to earth very sociable yet shy but waiting for the right guy to sweep me off my feet to pursue a relationship with. Recent Trap Musician. I love bars, to sports, music, travel, outdoors, sports, food,and whatever is clever. Message me to get to know me. Prince$$ Ask me something 
IG: leidyy_k
52
 lots of my face My other profile got deleted  but still the same cool vibes girl .. into crystals , goofy asf , I love me some great vibes     always laughing....
No hookups 
Always superlike by mistake 
From 
Swipe last, message first 
Pisces corgi enthusiast Masters student in Crisis and Security Management. Travelled the world and the Dutch dating world is harder to navigate _()_/ Shy, bi, trying to vibe.  My name is Jamie Naiel , I am African American/Black and Native American, Transgender/Transsexual woman.

Graduate student at New York University (NYU) in Tisch School of the Arts, getting my Masters of Arts in Performance Studies (completed)

Now I'm applying to doctoral program (PhD) in  African American Studies and a second masters in Drama Therapy.


I am not I 
 the one walking beside me
Who stays calm and silent while I talk 
And forgives gently when I hate
Who walks where I am not I may not be rapunzel, but Ill let you pull my hair
Ig @knox.yy Eternal loser 

Mostly been watching cowboy bebop and Wang Kar Wai films 

ig: soldering.angel artist +
spontaneous travel 

metal on my mind

me + mine
@dana_bondhardware
@bondhardware

Disclaimer: the below are very not my interests Slytherin 
Actress | Singer | BBW Yogi | Student | Love dogs | Gamer | Foodie | Travel Junkie | Always up for an adventure

No Hookups  I'm not interested  bb bat.                                                                                            Pisces Capricorn Gemini where the hot morticians at?

take me to a shooting range please

looking for someone to fight so i can test my theory about my jabby knuckles 

my hair is naturally this color and  v tall

a super like means u owe me $7

pls tell me if youve seen me on the train then itll be awkward and well laugh and if we ever hang irl well just tell ppl we met on the tra I swear the cup in my hand is water.
Yes, those duck lips are now in again. tattooed my lip, kiss me gently until it heals!
leo sun/taurus moon/sag rising
vegan, stoner, queer, bitch Brooklyn
assistant/event planner 
Take me to a movie pls 



420   Brazilian girl living in Brooklyn

80% fitness and 20% craving for burgers.

Dont take me too serious, I laugh at almost everything ;) Cuddles and conversation, ciders and chess, weirdness, tattoos, and adventure.

Equal parts poised and ridiculous. Chasing consciousness that doesn't somehow veer off into hotepness.

If you Superlike me, I'm expecting a GREAT conversation (that doesn't start with some form of 'Hey' - ladies, that applies to you, too)

Congolese-American demisexual. Ethically non-monogamous. Get at me. IG - rosiie__23 lskar musik/sng, att fota, dansa  s lite vin p det!  Om du gillar Frank Ocean r det ett plus!! A chill ass queer, feminist, vegetarian type. . .  21 years old, birthday January 31 
I love to have fun 
Laugh
Go on fun dates
Favorite colors pink, blue, purple
Mixed I  music.
Follow me on Instagram/Twitter: @AmareSymone Instagram katelynd.glass
Dallas TX I dare you to try and keep up let me edit your english papers IG: _odetttte Any good people here  
@Gabbyynicole_ Hustle. Brand. Progress.

510 // NY from LA. My life is best described as an anime with a decent plot but terrible art direction.

Match only if youre into long hours on the phone, chat rooms, letters + mix cds...  sorry, I take time 

Some interests: Baking, Wong Kar Wai, Unwound, pinball, karaoke, DJing, Bauhaus, soy milk, punk zines, YMO, JRPGs, skateboarding, long walks thru the city, pho, Yohji Yamamoto, community radio, rhythm games, rabbits, day trips, reverb pedals, queer theory, roller disco 

  sun  moon  rising Hey my names trey I have a basketball game tomorrow. Not actually 21 poet majoring in social wellness advocacy
looking for new friends; i just transferred here a year ago Not looking for anything too serious...just a husband im not good at bios :/// 

insta: fendifairy Young and ambitious 
Island girl
Great vibes dont ask me whats going on because i dont even know what the fuck going on baybee!!

 ig: s0ftbratz  9/10 pants & a very big bra

 6' 

Aquarius  / Scorpio 

ENFP message/add me on insta I dont check here tooo often (: Insta: _jinger_snap_
NYC Lets get high and watch horror movies. 

Also here for audiobook recs.  

Also also I own a 21 year old cat. Shes part of the package. Indian af 
NYC 
IG @jessicx.k  montreal to new york
i like spending money on overpriced cafes, traveling and eating yammy fooooods

god i sound basic 25 .Graduate School.Forensics    New to nyc 
Smoke me out and take me to the movies  Probably the biggest goofball youll meet. 
 a poet - also, hugely passionate for hard rock / metal music. 
My kinda night consists of a game of uno, a glass of wine, and  
Why am I on this? Just winging it man.

Insta - Gnarlyfemale freelance picture taking lady  Frances Ha IG:MIIXED.GODDESZ
: THIICKRUSSIANPRINCESS
RUSSIAN, POLISH, PUERTO RICAN, AND GERMAN
6' FEET TALL SO IF THATS AN ISSUE YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO 
ON HERE ON MY SPARE TIME (WHENEVER THAT IS) SO IF I RESPOND LATE WORK WITH ME. IM A VERY BUSY INDIVIDUAL TRYNA REACH MY GOALS, WE CAN EITHER REACH THEM TOGETHER OR YOU CAN LET ME CONTINUE TO DO SO ON MY OWN. OPEN TO MEETING NEW PEOPLE (NO CREEPS, NO FUCK BUDDIES ILL PASS THANKS) RUDE PEOPLE GET BLOCKED AUTOMATICALLY. 
PS4 GAMER  
DRINKER
HUMBLE
HMU  Brooklyn born and raised 
May26
Trinidad raised me partially  
If you want to know more shoot me a message not good with bios I don't bite 
Majoring in business
Looking for serious conversation if not interested swipe away poof be gone   from Brooklyn but I wish I lived in Philadelphia because its always sunny there She/They. Bi/Queer, Poly, KinkyAF, Top-Leaning Switch (D/s x Vanilla). Open to new loves, lovers, and ENM and/or kinky friends. 

Into: Dance, Theatre, Poetry, Spoken Word, Martial Arts, Sadomasochism, Sensuality, Coffee, Whiskey Traveling 
The age of 23
I like men, not boys 
I love Adventures and being spontaneous
Looking to meet someone who can surprise me Just moved here from VA looking to meet so chill people!!! Also looking for somewhere to party for NYE!! Not 22  Economics and Business Law  me, a haiku:

chubby crybaby
reactivates this account 
over and over

honestly, im just two dogs in a trench coat.

(not interested in one-offs or hookups, thanks) a New Yorker in LA Grad student 
I wear lots of costumes 
1/2 Canadian. Architect. Coffee addict. Pet Petter. Likes museums. Likes doughnuts. Likes doing the NYT crossword. 
Coffee, poetry and all self-care related things Future public interest lawyer, current disappointment to my parents _()_/ 

Definitely not an alien with a smartphone imitating a human  Snap me beep me if u wanna reach me rarely on this app so add me on snap 
snap- nessthoo 
instagram- perfectlynessx 
 uberpool to hell Pretty chill for the most part. Ask me whatever~ Actually 23
Smarter than I look 

I like pretty weird things and the way the mind works is one of them.  obsessed with eating and finding joy in banality

 a writer and  bi!

also  blonde now big fan of chipotle, dogs, the spice girls

not a big fan of stairs, cats, people that dont let people off the subway before they get on My dog is prob a better cuddler than u Add my snap, Asiaa.L
Looking for a HUSBAND 
I like to have fun and go out 
Yes I am an alcoholic  I'm 5'1 and a half 
I'm a performer (singing, acting, dancing)
I'm an artist 
I work out, eat, cuddle, eat, and work... And eat
I like my dog more than most people. 
Message me if you'd like!

Yes I'm bisexual, no I won't be a fun experiment in your relationship. If you act like your shoe size ... dont talk to me

Did the no strings attached thing and I like string

 usually not a new year new me kinda person but  not bring this app into the new year so you gotta a few days to shoot your shot  

Give me a quick YERRRRRRRR. I'm looking for mythe one who is different from the rest. I want you to know upfront that  a transgender girl/woman. If you do not respect me as a woman then we will not go any further. I'm not looking for one night stands,  looking for friendship, connection, artistic collaboration, potentially a relationship someone to make a home with in this one life. Lets smoke a blunt, listen to music, go to a museum, stuff our faces, laugh a lot, watch a sunset or a movie, make memories. Winning hearts and minds since 97  an artist + designer and I spend a lot of time in museums and coffee shops // I have a cat named Zucchini  

Can you grow a beard? Animal rescuing-bourbon loving-rock climbing vegan pastry enthusiast. Probably a Slytherin.

Capitalism and retrograde are the root of all problems.

KCNOLACANJNYC. Some say flighty. I say adventurous  i am an artist photographer and videographer also a music fan and stoner  in2 tattoos and piercings  im transgender nerdy and somewhat of a hermit looking 4 smthg consistent maybe more hmu  Here on a dare. 
Would love to hear what you have to say about pizza. 
Please no bullshit.  Follow insta @briannaakk_
Sugar daddy ehhh ?
SJU Architect
Irish insta: natalia_ced Writer and photographer (BA/MFA).

One summer I rented a car and drove solo to every nature park in Jordan.

Also: Science and scientists are sexy.

5'8" Just your average Brazilian girl  who really laughs a lot, loves coffee, BURGERS!!! and pizza, to go to new places, drink Caipirinhas, watch movies and CrossFit.

Netflix is definitely one of the Worlds Wonders.

56 and I love dogs  If we cant have a full blown conversation using The Office quotes or references, this wont work. Just a 24 year old girl trapped in a 24 year olds body send me funny pick up lines !!! 22 | NY Raised | Spelman Alumna | Aspiring Psychologist | 
New to NYC, looking for both friends and a relationship 
The witty Afro-Latina you never thought you needed
Ignore the Interests 
IG: @asia.malaysiaa
 hi i'm iliana and i have hair.
my rap name is illsnasty. 
if you got one leg in the future and one in the past youre pissing on today.
future wine mom.
i also appreciate good memes, and very very inappropriate jokes please and thank you. A huge dork  
Obsessed with movies, music, dogs, and coffee Hey kitty girl Bachelor of Commerce and Arts Degree
Events, Marketing, Advertising 
Sport Fitness and Nutrition 

Kiwi Gal living out her dream in NYC  fashion designer. music enthusiast. 

a lil sugar, spice, & everything nice.


normal is boring.  life is short. 
let's go to a show. do creative shit.

brooklyn.


  not into fitness, but you can work me out anytime NHRA Drag Racer
Working Out
Outdoors kinda gal Looking for someone to go through this journey with 
 a Libra 
55 
Favorite color 
 

Add me on SC @theyoung_bomb  Genderfluid. Pansexual. Bdsm friendly masochist. They/them pronouns. Theater. Creative Writing. Will fight you.

New to the city looking for friends and fuck buddies

Always busy and easily bored so if I don't respond it's not personal.

I won't have sex unless I've known you for a while... but I'm always down to cuddle.

Not super into cis men but y'all are cute though...

Not a dictionary... so ask your friend Google about gender and sexuality I dont know how this is going to go, but I thought I should give it a try  (18) anarcho communism & the ypj & kurdish cinema & elliott smith & pavement & undercurrents of knowledge & food justice & how we spend our whole lives getting past whatever we experienced our first few years & sacred geometry & why mosques look so psychedelic & maybe its because the expanding kaleidoscopes imprinted on our eyelids are just reflections of the inner structure of our brains, accessed through drugs migraine spinning like the sufi mystics. i want to teach or be taught Ig: I_murdered_angie
Peruvian/Puerto Rican
Queens
Bi
New haircut! cut it off re growing with pride 
Do you like comics? How about cars? Tell me about your interest! 
Understand and accept my thiccness (yes i am fat) I'm a singer and drawer I also love writing  Have to be fun!
Good vibes only 
let's make money together  Languages : Yo hablo espaol, Eu falo portugus, , I speak English 

Those emojis define me  
I am 

I love : 




 New to NYC. I LOVE dancing, drinking socially and having fun in general.  5.4, so I can rock heels!  NYCROC
 all about respect.
Not playing games.
Hobbies include:
World domination
Reading
Travel

Looking for arm candy

Corny and proud

Global + social consciousness is 
 Cali born and raised just taking it one day at a time. Not looking for anything specific here... so if you have any questions feel free to ask. Taller than you without heels(60)
No, I dont play basketball
Music 
You down for an adventure?
Fastest way to my heart is through a phenomenal playlist NYC | 21 snap: michygx3 i do a lot. 

atl  bk

follow my insta @ony.x / @onyxcustoms / @onyxproduction 18*
 pretty interesting so swipe to find out more....

Honestly looking for a vibe so dont waste my time please and thanks.  speaking of vibes red aint one for me so swipe the opposite of right please and thanks 


Ig: Karina.delos add my insta nicole.reanna  Zuleika.  Student of life, obsessed with music. PHL | suwlax | insta: @samhugheess Hii! I'm bisexual 
Brooklyn
Show me memes lol 
I SUCK AT TEXTING FIRST IM SORRY FOR THAT 
If ur looking for a short gf im right here (5'2) 
Looking for friends and something else 
I love going on adventure 
If u can make me laugh u have my full attention 
If u love Disney movies, supernatural, riverdale, charmed (90s version), anime, jane the virgin, horror movies, harry potter dont be shy to talk to me lmfao  Ngl just bored 5"11
Yes the weather is still the same up here
No Hookups  No Netflix and Chill  
Actually be willing to meet and want hang out. 


 hyfr Pan. She/they
Brooklyn born and raised. 
Farming
Food
Plants
Dirt 
Movies
Mad long discussions
Lets fight.
Then Ill give you a tat. 
IG
@understangela
@misunderstangela NYC  58

I like museum trips, shopping, coffee, pasta, taking photos, and city life.  quiet and chill, I like sitting pretty

majored in history and art history! really hope to work towards a career as a professor but until then  goin with the flow. 

 prob going back to school in Rome in a year! Miami girl in NYC 
Gemini 
Salvadorea  
Dont be pushy or creepy.  call me Bo 

tattoos, Thai food, and travel 

insta: @boshudha catch me on the corner of stressed & depressed :)

can be ur veggie plug 

tell me ur biggest gripe 

let's meet up during the day  beer or pasta?? 

also not interested in your dick pics but very interested in your music so pls send that my way 

19*

snap: morgans9817 6ft goddess very spoiled n kno what she wants, I'm not new in life so no fuxkery pls n thx n NO HOOK UPS! NO FWB! NO NETFLIX N CHILL TYPA SHIT!!!!...if u swipe right n tryna hold a convo to butter me up DONT!!...don't waste ur time u only be feelin dumb n ignored, it will never lead to an hookup...be real n don't be an anus!!!....I'm dominant in life but submissive in da br if your worth it n again NO HOOK UPS!!!n 4 da luv of God nooo punk ass weak men n if you don't cuddle don't hit me up Lemme help you put yur silky on
If you dont like pizza with pineapples swipe left Aries baby 
That little white fluffy guy is my baby boy
 I  him
Need someone to travel with 
Good vibes 
Insta: miss_curly_top
Hmu on Instagram I dont be on here  Pronounced Ophelia, like from Hamlet. No hookups. Looking for someone who's fun to go out with and take it from there.
I like sushi, traveling, dark chocolate, learning, classy men, and my steak cooked medium.

 I inhaled about 20 slices of that pizza. And  lactose intolerant. No Ragrets.  from Cancun, Mexico and  in college. Writer, amateur punk historian, sleaze-horror fan, and show-goer. Boxing, bitters cocktails. 

Come for the passable profile, stay for the above-average vintage t-shirt collection. US Air Force
Idk why I made this but... Looking for someone to warm me up im a cyborg but thats ok

@nicobot   they/them

virgo  pisces moon 

i'm really into curating my smoke sessions ,, it is my dream to shit my pants at LAX Gemini  
19 not 20
Friends welcomed  Snapchat MICHAELNASTIEEE Matches are nothing unless we are fire. Creative writingtingting must love dogs I love to have fun to perform to perform myself. Like to travel love the country love the city interested in simple having fun creaTive Tipes!! Insta- roxy_rudolfskyy
The beach and parties.. &
Gym tan laundry 
Take me to Starbucks 
Venmo- Roxann-Rudolfsky (I accept donations for partying supplies) Teacher, musician, and the rest will come with time 

Taurus/ENFJ

Just looking for something casual  some are born to sweet delight
some are born to endless night

No ifs and buts. single mum. If you can't have good convo with a dash of sweet - carry on bbs AMA Freckle face, smart mouth, chill, 420 friendly
Only me if you tryna eat this pussy  dope hugger and backwood enthusiast. I'm actually from California so the sun, yummy food, and good vibes are a package deal with me. Hmu and lets go dancing! Lover of music, animals, and cinematography 
If you like Arctic Monkeys, I like you Just tryna smoke weed and eat vegan food tbh. They/them pronouns also, I dont shave my body hair. If youre not abt that then youre weak and please exit left lmao. 
 polyam, please do not come at me w monogamous intentions 

 new to Bed Stuy plz be my friend lol Ive put a tally in my phone for every dog Ive ever seen. Cancer 

( IM NOT INTO RANDOM SEX AND HOOKUPS)

 a funny, shy but outgoing person looking to meet new people and just have fun! 
: Wid0w09 Volleyball 
The Office
Scorpio
Concerts
St. Aug Just for fun  I have a loving partner; we date separately or together, whichever you fancy. Please be sane, intelligent & drama free. -On our first date I will carve our initials into a tree.  Its the most romantic way of letting you know I have a knife. 

-I'm a writer, maybe I'll let you be my muse 
 Worlds Worst Tour Guide
Instagram/Snapchat: JennyChieko 

From/live in LA. But NY is basically my second home. No hookup. If you are photographer we can collaborate together Insta: Alexklapmusic 
Otherwise 
 not for you if youre married, youre in the process of divorce, if you have children or if your past is your present life. 
More Interested in others connections than the appearance.   The inner machinations of my mind are an enigma.
- Patrick Star

Artist  (insta: Shay.somethin)

Looking for fellow squares so if you wanna chill lmk! 

some of yall are mad beautiful so if we match, know that thats why

if we dont...you still beautiful, fam Toupie dmente  | LI | LC | Lets get crazy and binge watch haunting of hill house
A day without laughter is a day wasted 
March in the army of optimism
If you smoke do us both a favor and swipe left
59

IG: monicaanaaa Stoop kids afraid to leave the stoop Add my sc kingg_dess 
               &
Follow me on ig 
             Looking for serious inquiries. Being blunt is the best favor you could do for me. I'm a writer, and I like finding meaning in most things. Pensive; do my best thinking during the morning and night. I thrive in unity...absolutely in love with it. Sharks, bears, nature, and all things with substance often looked past. I also dabble in some painting and other art forms. I sing...a lot. I love people, even if the world is a factory that manufactures hatred and the unsatisfied. I wish you well.   here for the corny pick up lines Can we get some more bread? The Philadelphia Eagles are Super Bowl Champions  thats all you need to know  If you got a sense of style then you got me
My Instagram wont connect here but its @kayleecadams  always active on there 5'1 and 22. LI girl. Former Dancer 

Love to laugh, go out, shop, have a great time & party. I am pretty nice most of the time & supposedly I curse a little too much for a girl but oh well

Don't hmu just because "you've never been with a black girl".. That shit's annoying; if you wanna get to know me swipe right, if not then bye. But I'm actually really nice so you should try lol

Looking for someone who is an all around good person and can dance bachata because I'm pretty great

*NO hookup  taller than you 
Lets go to a game and get trashed. Quote the Office to me. 
Political nerd, history buff NY based musician in a band called Eithermore 
Lover of all people, movies & art 
Will give a mean massage 
Inquire within  Hit my snap SSS728 

- Fluent in English and sarcasm 
- Probably worked with your fave celeb
- Always down for new friends
- Enlightened being   27 a Gemini so u figure it out lol.  funny loving and sweet but dont push my buttons.                  Looking for friendship and maybe a little more if your right. Just want someone who can be fun and have fun its the summer beach or playland or even a movie or a walk in the city. Don't Stop
Make it Pop
DJ blown my speakers up
Tonight I'ma fight
Till we see the sunlight
Tick tock on the clock
But the party don't start till I walk in Frat boys and/or people who drink cow milk need not apply :-)  x 
Idiomas 
Portugus 
Espaol Hey you ! If you want to date our mom you have to pass the Golden's RULE .
 Must be a good boy 
 Can handle talks 
 Sweet and funny 
 Will treat mommy well 
 Will give us treats as well 
 Don't act cool af 
 With sense of humour 
If mommy isnt here 
you can check her 
other accounts below.   
Instagram  talcabel
.
Ps . We are watching you . my brother in the last pic Hi,  Erin,  a trans adult model, you can find me @tsjennajam on twitter,  interested in a boyfriend, handsome, and tall only :) In the humble words of TLC, "I don't want no scrub." Everything & then some.
Try me.
Queer(you can be transphobic...but I can beat your ass)you didn't swipe right on accident 
Filmmaker 
Afro-Latino
Mostly here for good sex
Ig: @the_jonnybrown  Names Kelly
let's skip
 -you complete me/I'll complete you
 -why is your name incomplete 
 -(any other name questions)
Kinky, weird, fun
 -it's says kinky, weird and fun it doesn't say easy 
 -if I take it out I get boring guys but if I leave it in I get fuckboys and creeps... what to do
Size queen assuming we even get there
 -just a funfact not a rejection 
 -how big? Just bigger than your ego
If ur first response to getting rejected is to call me names then that's probably why i rejec Add me on snapchat: mgutierrez179. I'm actually 19. I'm funny and very friendly. Love going to the movie theaters or watching a movie at home. I love to sing. I'm a caring and honest person and if you dont like the way I look then swipe left.  My Taco Bell order is a Crunchwrap Supreme and a medium Baja Blast. 

Only drinks black coffee
I like funky tunes with weird beats...
And I don't take life too seriously.
We deserve a smoke break. Penn Vet 

Latin Spice looking for some sugar 

Likes: Scary movies, lifting, dancing, video games, dad jokes. . .

Bucket list: Sky diving, bungee jumping, visit Bali/New Zealand . . . follow me on insta: juliabrandtt Man oh man I really really really love music, I love to adventure & travel, I love the color yellow & pink, & one thing I really really really wanna do is skydive lmfao. Panchita
Flight Attendant 
Always somewhere

@jessbelowski All about good vibes. If you're not talking growth (in any aspect: mental, financial, social, physical, etc.) then I dont want to hear it. 
Remember, you are the curator of your life, and with the unfailing positive force that is God (whatever that means to you) acting as a motor,  you will be successful.  Love yourself, protect your heart, open your mind, and harness your energy.
P.s. I'm kinda not looking to be involved with anyone but I'm down for interesting conversations. 
  twenty years old, currently residing in New York City. In New York, I'm currently in school to be in the medical field as a nurse. I absolutely love traveling and cant wait for all the adventures I will be enduring in the future. 
 Instagram: lovee_steph_ Lets see how this goes bros All right.. Okay, so im just gonna be honest with you... I'm just gonna lay it out on the line. no tricks, no hidden agenda at all.. I happen to be sensitive and expert lover. i can guarantee that i will satisfy you in every way possible, and shall not stop until im certain that you are completely happy with my endeavors..
Message me and Follow me on IG if interested
@
Ps keyword is "CUTE"

Insta  >>>kelly21xx.0 Libra   
I dont have time to waste time 
Tell me something different 
Hook Ups NOT Allowed 
Not a one night type of woman  
I need cheese for my eggs 
Shuffle up the deck 
 the Queen in the pack  NY|MA Occupational Therapy major with Psychology minor. Works with special needs children. who gon take my breath away:
You or my asthma?


  Comedy nerd
NYU Gallatin East coast girl exploring Seattle    Smoke me out 5'4", half latina  fun , just talk to me can bob the builder fix my bad attitude Always on the hunt for my next favorite beer.

My cat plays fetch. She's my pride and joy. 

Like Shrek and onions, I have layers.

Queer babe in a v chill, v communicative, 4-yr long open relationship. 

 The office is my go-to bitch. You wanna change that?? LOL Barcelona until December 20 Loyal af, smart (maybe), funny (sometimes) also im 17 almost 18 (march 18 01) Here for a good time not a long time :) Rachel Hicks forced me to download this app today....so here I am for the first time Lover of game of thrones, the beach, Queen, & the flyers   so bored I would be frightened. Theres too many crazies out there. - my grandma about Tinder Hey my names Nicole, people call me Nic because we love that good nic bc juul is life. $wag. Anyway i love a good hangout and u have to be someone who is hilarious, and religious if you wanna tap this a$$. so yaaa thats me cant wait to get to know you !!!! Snapme: H.fiorelaa

Lets
Get to know each other  Insta  :
LYMLLR

Yes,  and  is a dealbreaker, you primitive moron.

If your first picture is shirtless
= may your path lead you to many other keen maidens milk before cereal Terrible at this  ima sweetheart tell me something punny  
uber rating: 4.91
horror/thriller movie, taco and latino enthusiast Actually 21
Dancer
ig @emilyking21
hopefully more interesting than this bio makes me sound if you hit me up with anything disrespectful, you will get:
1) sent to the group chat 
2) laughed at 
3) memed

 thank you for understanding. 

/bk/ I wear a lot of stripes It's always non-black men that swipe right because they think black women will just do whatever they want for whatever fucking reason. Don't even bother. You make me sick.
 
Biological pros: great hair, perfect vision 

Cons: short (5'2), many allergies :(

 Pre-med, , love horror movies. I cook and bake for people I want to impress

I have a lot of pet peeves

IG: @christinaa3x 

If you're not black but say nigga, swipe left

My name is Christina, not hun, bb, sexy, etc


 bisexual  Just bored Fun, charming & witty
Queens born & raised 
@taylorxnicolek hey Totally lost, just looking for adventures and dogs and maybe someone to come along Looking for NYE plans in NYC!
I have a boyfriend but Ill be bringing single girls so its chill insta: alyssabicc East Hampton
Insta- Janaee.Jones just want someone to take care of me  Gettysburg College 19
Psychology and Art Major
Greenwich, CT I dont know what to put here
ig: jill.madonna @carleymuller Pitt 21
Dennis is a bastard man Aspiring tinderella I  white guys Quick, Alexa play What is Love So turns out  not that cool or good looking but hey I give good head  just a fact, not a damn invite 

I dont care how tall you are

Liverpool 

 All right.. Okay, so im just gonna be honest with you... I'm just gonna lay it out on the line. no tricks, no hidden agenda at all.. I happen to be sensitive and expert lover. i can guarantee that i will satisfy you in every way possible, and shall not stop until im certain that you are completely happy with my endeavors..
Message me and Follow me on IG if interested
@
Ps keyword is "CUTE"

Insta  >>>kelly21xx.0 Chinese talk to me about Tyler the creator, brockhampton, frank ocean or any music tbh !!
i also have 6 extremely loving puppies sooo (Its a ghost tour.)

>
>
>
>
>
> I love my dog, food, and tattoos  a little bit sweet, a little bit sassy, and always classy. 

Swipe right and message me to get to know more.

-Future History Teacher 
-Full Time Student 
-Part Time Nanny 
-Former Dancer
-Coffee Lover Yo Insta: taatimonteiro 
  Follow my ig  Just your regular human  Follow me on ig @niqve and snap @niquelalovely
Love basketball and sneakers. 
Looking for friends  make me ur goth gf 

twitter & insta: @gxthhoney
 ENTJ Insta: @anneliesehughes I think the eyes flirt most. There are so many ways to use them. :) Dm me on my I_________G tammy25xx if you want to know more about me.
 insta: isabellebeyda

5'9" | ambitious, outgoing, and ready for new adventures  fat & i love The Office.
 mostly likely gonna message u first bc yall niggas is pussy, also I have no fashion sense 
Listens to way too much 80s/90s rap 
Big L is better than Nas - change my mind
If you tryna fuck DONT message me, looking for friends for new adventures.
Super Likes are def accidents. Ig: samantha_levinson 6 different looks, and my looks all kill 

NOT HERE to hook up,three some, NO TYPE OF SEXUAL ACTIVITY :  good luv enjoy  Just ask lol  21 years old 
 on tinder to find someone who wants a relationship,  not looking to have anything less than getting into a relationship with anyone , so if you want a hookup or anything, then dont bother messaging me nor match with me. Thank you. Brooklyn/Philly Fmoi; @checkoutchelsea_
Not looking for a hookup 
One of those crazy people looking for a genuine relationship in this world I like wine and I quote vine and the office way too much Insta: alli_zarozny Sun > Snow
Yankees < Red Sox
Savory > Sweet
Chipotle < Moes


Change my mind. Ill swipe right 99.9% of the time for your dog writer, renegade academic just looking for someone who can thoughtfully edit my work while we lie in bed all morning Honestly take me out for food and Ill be happy:) sk8r boy still that weird horse girl you went to middle school with Nature admirer
Adventure seeker
Animal lover 
Yogi I'm just looking for a Jim to my Pam :) NYU grad
Working in sales and marketing

A few of my favorite things: playing with animals, looking at pretty things, dancing and singing in the kitchen when I cook, thoughtful conversation, baseball games Want something new and refreshing 
Kinda tall girl whos always tired and occasionally needy 
Insta __emmmmyyy Insta: alyssagentile_ Obsessed with my baby ! I love life 

Optimistic 
Free spirited
Driven
Environmentalist 
Open minded 

I enjoy the beach, traveling, hiking, art, ALL types of food, drinking, concerts, dancing to Spanish music and learning. 

Live in Brooklyn - moved here three months ago 

Dont ask me to Netflix and chill, not my thing & kinda gross to ask a stranger that -fuck ya chicken strips-

crime drama and bud enthusiast

short and funny

ig @tashajoshy Brooklyn baby, hairdresser, sporty spice, probably cooler than you ((Got my teeth fixed)) - I like meeting people I wouldnt otherwise Lover of all things summer , but currently looking for someone to go ice skating and drink hot chocolate with  Idk my boyfriend got tinder so I guess thats why  on here lol lets match a blunt Not perfect but still worth it.
Music lover.
Actor.

Lookin 2 Connect  21, Nursing student, Single mommy Insta: kendiebird 23
 for the win Instagram: elizabethchirls 20.
 = Sweden im really nice just here to make friends and talk to new people 
 Allergic to dogs. Not why I hate them though. IG: calliewilson_
Lil Waynes GF If youre looking for a one night stand I AM NOT THE ONE Idk, looking for chill ass people to hangout with is all. 

Sc: LorColl

 I'm the type of female that will call you out for being boring so youll probably unmatch me since you'd rather have girls build up your ego 

Moral of the story: try to have a personality & maybe I wont be a bitch 19 
ig: annaisabellle
you bet ur ass im rapping the full verse in fergalicious every time it comes on Afro-Dominician | 5'9 | Brooklyn 

Ig : the.adriana.effect save our soils As you slide down the banister of life may the splinters never point in your direction. Instagram: @shannon.marieclaire Swipe left if you dont recycle 

Runner / Burner / Gemini / Vegetarian

@jannengreene My friends call me Dom 

On here to look at the cute animals in everyones pictures May or may not call you daddy.
I do bad things for dominoes lava cakes. Sports, Tacos & Margaritas! At JFK with nothing to do! Looking to have conversations Interests include bud Brazilian, nope, I dont speak Spanish.
AuPair
Love movies, food and dogs. Native New Yorker.

Enjoys volleyball, basketball, hiking, watching films, and live music.

Also tacos, preferably with a side of tequila. ambidextrous i want to go everywhere Brazilian 
I swim sometimes 
Ketchup on the fries or on the sideee? Reading, PA  40s wife lifestyle duties 24/7, youll be taken care of 
I hate phones, Ill learn from you in person.
420 baby
(Kattiiieanne  - snap)(little_katarina_amor -ig) Decided to join the tinder wave bc I was bored. Wasnt planning on taking this seriously at all, just started this to see what its like  but if you catch my attention, maybe we can get to know each other. FOLLOW ME ON INSTAGRAM: @nicolepinkxx  Who knows  Big fan of dogs, live shows, IPAs, blunts and doing outdoor things!! 

Looking for someone to hold my hand when I get my next tattoo!!   5'8
pieces
bohemian

looking for someone i dont hate 
 
confused on why im cuffless during cuffing season? 

i write poetry and photograph things

insta: moclarkey @michiggy  All I want is a dog and an excellent coffee. 
I mean thats not really all, but  Raised on a farm, so you can say  cultured... AGRIcultured
Science 
Fitness  Keke

100% Kittitian . Born and raised in St. Kitts, moved to NY 4 months ago. Freshman student at the Fashion Institute of Technology in NYC.  also an entrepreneur. Ran a fashion designing business for over 2 years. 
 a mini boss.
I issa goodazz nyc 
  
insta: julie_drago future nurse 
caring for people is my passion
FRIENDS fanatic
music festivals are my go-to trip 
love tattoos   
definitely a foodieItalian is my favorite!
adventuring is always a good idea 
laughter is the best medicine 
looooove scary movies 
im a sucker for a good view and a sunset
positive vibes only   the type of person who starts celebrating Christmas on September 1st.

Lowkey looking for a swolemate. grad student | adventurer | preschool teacher/nanny | singer | wine enthusiast

probably outside or watching The Office 

snap: slschroeder96 

IG : Chelsealovessyou  straight edge suprise me Pace '19
IG: ashleypotatoes Instagram- xmelaniefarrellyx Travels, vegan, minimalist.  

Dreaming of a life where I can walk barefoot and drink out of coconuts every day. 

Friends without benefits, or future husband only  NYC/NJ - Just looking for someone to hang with me and my dog Chubbs , drink coffee  and eat and find the best chocolate chip cookies, explore the city, and watch movies with. 
57 because thats tall for a girl 
If you have a girlfriend  2 truths 1 lie

1. I went to Madagascar for my first solo trip
2. I burnt so much in the Bahamas I had to go to the hospital
3. I slept on the street in NYC on a weekend in December

14 states, 29 cities
13 countries

Horseback riding and new to mma

Insta: emillidell O.o always thinking about art and the institution behind it  insta @tufwa Looking for a someone to carry me in fortnite 
im not that good but i love the game.
**Tell me your intetions from the jump,Dont waste my time**
 not here to hook up 
21/NYC 
 also fat with a double chin, i just know how to get the best angles 
Snapchat me if your down - X_linny snap:  Travel buddy
 Insta: juicy.lipss 

Sc: l_aurah Take me to get margaritas  ig: vic_ihatemyhair

bc its fuzzy and it cant deal with humidity stop asking

In NYC till the 31st looking for something 6

Tinder should be scratch and sniff Serial snoozer
Caffeine addict
Avid foodie 
forkinghungry
62 *bold and capitalised*

Will be in NYC for the holidays - will you be my American boy? Looking for the best pizza in the city! insta: alyssapoley

send pics of ur dog Born & bred NYC gal. law student. Praises due to the most high Allah. Praises due to the most fly prada. Probably playing video games, piano, or snuggling kittens. 

Trans woman hello, I'm Fran. i enjoy living well and going on adventures! hmu if you're into some real wholesome shit  
Why does everyone have a bad attitude on here?
Ig:lauraatronn currently a baldish bitch 
president of the space jam fan club
can parallel park 
fuck trump
talk to me through craigslist missed connections  
instagram: lilspitfiregorl
erin; an aries, drinks lots of red wine, enjoys intimacy and vulnerability, lover of the arts, and self proclaimed soft gorl. Youre probably cute, but my super likes are all accidents. marijuana connoisseur, brooklyn boricua, etc. fusion / looking for beautiful humans and doggos / sapiosexual honestly.. just doin my thing Looking for good people, good vibes and good conversation. I'll be ya fav bald headed lil boi in no time. Talk to me about food and memes. Likes horror and knitting; dislikes small talk and drive thrus.

*not looking to date cuz no thanks to romance but maybe I can touch your butt* Had a cute bio detailing my love for Neo noir, Punk, bossa nova and History but I lost it some how..

Insufferable Marxist-Leninist 
 
 Please help me find the meaning of life or decent pizza Just a vibe  Actress. love Singing (and am good at it.) Currently living In NYC. 

Born and raised in South Africa. 

I love photography, hence the peacock, wildebeest and zebra, yea! Got to see them on a regular!  a common site...  (in game reserves not the street.)

Love dogs!! esp my little pupper Lola.

                       Left Handed  Literal Drama Queen Boooo  bored Fashion / nightlife adjacent hologram etc who is transgender  Scorpio Sun Scorpio Venus. I dont use this often but I love making new connections in this simulation, so message me if we match. My ig is @angel.ultra - Colombiana living in NYC 
- Majoring in Theatre & Sociology 

Insta: babiferrazzz Can I kick it?  Texan in NYC for the week @kitchen.sync Medical graduate. Like movies, caffeine and your tales of travel.
Good listener. NYC 
Island girl 
Just get to know Me 
55

Currently in need of Great Vibes ! 
FRIENDS ARE WELCOMED 
SUPER LIKE ME TO GET MY ATTENTION 
Swipe left if you on some next shit  I love you biiiiiitch 

I aint never gonna stop lovin you, 
Biiiiiittttchhhhh coping mechanism 
@arieldavi.s  / 53
Add me on ig Hi, I'm Diana and I'm a goofball. 
50% punk, 50% rock 
breathsofstrength.tumblr.com All I want are besitos but all I get are stressitos
I love anime 
I adore Animals especially working with them 
I just want to go on cute dates 
Lowkey want a gf, maybe a bf but  cool with being friends! 
 420
igjazzybab help me fill the void Looking for business opportunities not chlamydia Help me find a New Years Eve outfit, I cant decide  im in college. and a barista. and i love my cat @plainjanethevirgo

 gang (-) Art school drop out thats now in graduate school studying psychology. Meme kween. Buff lady. Burrito connoisseur. Doge haver. Talk nerdy to me  

*Not your tour guide Island gyal 
Just for fun. im into narcs. i love narcs. narcs are hot. engineer                                                                 travel & art & music Funnier in Danish 4/20 friendly 



Follow my twitter @NeyaaGraham Cats & tech theatre (carpenter, electrician, sound &automation tech)
Queer as hell 
Polyamorous 
They/Them Pronouns
Ever changing hair color
Lots of animals -cats, dogs, bunnies, a guinea pig, a gecko, soon a goat
The void is an important member of my social circle
Pagan culturally Jewish 
I speak Hebrew and English learning Gaelic. I Sign ASL, learning Irish and Israeli sign
I walked one of my moms down the aisle 
Not gonna set up your sound system, will build your furniture Red wine lover/Book lover

My hair is this blue this time around.

Eclectic Witch and no, I wont harm you  I'm the nuturing sassy type that you tell your bestie about. Pretty tall, pretty thick

Currently on season 4 of Dexter and holy hell.

Talk to me ^__^

 I play in bands, love 2b outdoors, love to look at art and make it. Shows are fun. Queer af. ACAB scary movies and pizza? Here for good vibes and good adventures. Down for hanging out and seeing where it goes. Not looking for anything specific, just letting things happen naturally. Lifes short, so  not trying to be taken for granted 

Just trying to get on the same level of happiness as my dog in the last pic  

Send me memes so I know youre not lame
And If youre trash at Mario kart hmu bc thats the only chance I have at winning Instagram: michaelacampo @queenoffreeba nyc  sd
i love puppies thats all you need to know
insta: salmaanna.xo NYC / New Haven Farmers only didnt exactly work out.

Looking to expand my closet i obviously only own one jacket. 
empathy, experience, art history. Double Bassist

I hate this

Tell me  pretty and I might keep you around Loud, comedian, cartwheel saturdays are for the boys.

not on here much. dm me on ig.

IG: dana.fitt French girl in NYC for the holidays
I could use a buddy to visit with! 
Dancing best feeling in life Looking 4 someone that's cool with/not disturbed by  me sticking my whole hand in mouth while  shoveling popcorn into it

Also I hate kettlecorn 
 

 life x creative force
track my journey.
tea lover for no reason.
Hip-hop. Photography. Bag of life.
Here for friends.
New York  5'7"

I like politics, poetry, video games, books, coffee, pot, and not being a dick. Transgirl, non-op IG:emily.1.9
SNAP:emiilyy1009
 if you dont like long walks; we cant be friends                            INTP Insta: Jill_Meyer ?

Ah,
Looking for friendship... it's tru
New to the city honestly 


Cali bred  fluffy and  okay with that
I hope youre willing to hold my gut
Add my snap @ memi32
Brooklyn, NY
 
I love Jesus
Mi love fooddddddddddddd  lawd 5'3 
Chemistry Major 
PreMed  Polyam couple looking for a third

~Emma (L) and Taylor (R)~

Lets read each others tarot cards and talk about aliens  Ill choose pizza  over you! 

59

 trans 

Dont be a creep  I jumped out of a plane, am I cool yet Hunter College 22

well get along great if you like anime, kpop, or shakespeare  Just another Aussie abroad I have rhythm
I like shoes
Currently pink

IG: Brookee_tatum portant question:
What are u doing for New Years Eve ? 
Someone to watch David Lynch with me 
Film student 
I love conspiracy theories 
My life is very exciting so lets keep up the good vibe 
Looking for friends to hang out and go dancing 
Brazilian 
Trans girl Disgusted yet curious 

@masculpable I like memes, tacos and dad jokes | 
Cat mom  Takes up like 5ft of space when dances at bars - guy at bar

Can sing all of we didnt start the fire perfectly - a different guy at a different bar 

4.89 - Uber

Not afraid to be the big spoon - selfquote If youre under 6 swipe left Young and beautiful
Want to get spoiled 
Ig: megansamira_
Sc: megansamira
19
Leo
420 friendly
Car cyphs all day 54   
Does Tinder stand for The Internets National Database of Easy Rides? Non-monogamous crudpile seeking new friends, dinner dates, submissive/switch folks, and casual necking  found Mary but cant seem to find molly  Island gyal  Just looking to see what Ill find -Artsy bio nerd 
-Will teach you how to add improper fractions Accepted that I'm dying alone with my cat dancer Pre pro Dancer
5 languages 
Fitness Freak
Workaholic 
Coffee Addict  
Yoga, meditation and good vibes 

Digital Media.

NYC 

Instagram: sophienaufal Polish girl living her American dream 
No hook ups   just here on holiday vacation.  from an island tho!!! can't connect my Spotify cuz it's my dads act :/ Just a girl who loves sleep  hi
i have two cats named noodle and rigatoni, i love makeup, painting, tattoos, being vulnerable, crying to sad songs, cuddling, dancing, making out, and weed. looking to make genuine connections with kind people! i might fall in love with you. (just a warning) 

aries/kinky/non-monogamous/switch/assertive/sweet/emotional/soft/

i do stick n pokes! dm me on instagram or on here if you want one
thanks, i love you!  Just want to meet someone fun to hangout with on Sundays and see how it goes. If we dont match my ig is @off__ulia Allergic to cats  French-Dominican 
Born in Dominican Republic, grew up in a French Island  

Caribbean Girl  /. Virgo  

In New York for the holidays 

 kinda crazy you have to get use to it. I like to try new restaurant. Go to movies, listening all type Of music. 

If you like bones you cannot like me!  a whole shnaack honey ! 

So If you like hanging out, grab a drink and have fun swipe right.  Transient resident of the cosmic joke

Ig@thetruebiscuit Brooklyn gyal
Some people have chronic bitch face, I have chronic sad face but I promise I'm a good time NYC (Jan 3- Jan 10)
Instagram: @blacksilkbaby 
queer queer queer
im really nice and funny i swear!  
i think republicans and people who believe in god r dumber than me so do what u want with that

So imma keep it real with yall. I wanna go on a date and get drinks and then fuck all night! looking for boy/girlfriends for the day who wanna kiss me and show me some dope shit in New York and slap these cheeks then never see me again after the 10th when I disappear back to wherever I came from. Probably have bigger biceps than you  Sacred Heart University '16
Figure Skater  More like a fifty shades of awkward kind of girl... swipe right if u wanna ruin my life thx

dont even look at me
prolly stoned College_Softball_Sorority
Brooklyn

Hood | Classy | Humble
Drinker | Smoker 
Need some new friends to go out with - Literally down to go anywhere and do anything 
Gotta message me first tho 

Fun Fact: my anthem is the song I currently have on repeat 
Disclaimer: I know I look 16 but I actually am 21 lol
P.s. I don't spend much time here so if I dont reply to you add me on IG: @vensoli_
Send me a message saying your from tinder otherwise I probably won't accept  Let's go out and do something fun 

Scorpio
Nigerian 
5'8" 
Brooklyn, NY

My name is pronounced neefee

 Snapchat--- blaclily
Instagram---- ndplili
Fb--- lili nunez scorpio sun gemini moon cancer rising scary intense emotional bitch
I'm very friendly :) Looking for friends to hang out with :) Barely on here 
@_tiffk

Any photographers wanna collab? NOLA/NYC 

Dancer/Designer
Know your coffee  
Cant deepthroat a skateboard

Intrigue me pool shootin imbecile - grew up in New York 
- lowkey still in my emo phase
- Leo 
- Velma look-alike 
-420 friendly  Yes, it did hurt when I fell from heaven


IG: @likeomgmich I hate writing bios so  opting out of it. Instagram: Provocativee_ if u think putting photos with ur dog is going to help u out

it does. When I tell you I played basketball dont ask to play one on one! Its annoying 

Might be too tall for you, but  From Brooklyn, NY
 Anyway, hi, I enjoy dancing, stimulating conversations, tea, reading in the bath tub and riding my bike with no destination
Also writing down your thoughts is fun, so is not eating animal products. no gender preferences but all applicants must sit when they pee. Everyone should.
    Ps. lets be real human beings and stop pretending to be emotionless robots. why? cause vulnerability is sexy.
Poly. Platonic. K. Thanks, bye  // NYC
IG : wendyxgaleano Designer / Photographer / Painter 
Feel most at home on foreign soil 
Coffee shop dweller 
New York native

 Scorpio  Libra i like cats and being lazy. im also pretty sure im addicted to tattoos. weed is cool.   ( -) Raised on the east coast, but a Californian at heart. Currently working in a research lab at UCSF. Id much rather meet in person than message forever 
Insta:sheilasraj
Blue hair is a wig  Made this to make friends and sell some weed Help wanted Rutgers 2019 - biological science major 
 | ig:meganbjelis who here knows how to fight?

ig: earthtojam baking stuff, kinda buff, just goofy enough
guess where my tattoos are?  If ur musical/modeling hmu 



Don't do hookups/drink/smoke  Just tryna find some funny pickup lines Penn State 
Entrepreneur & fashion designer ig @pamela.mcs Looking for new people to hang with.
Have a drink with me. Itll be fun.

I dont smoke.
I dont want to be your third. Sweetest thug (w. resting bitch face) youll ever meet.

Awful storyteller 
Laughs at own jokes 

Looking for someone to leave me in a food coma.
Swipe right if you can pull off a turtleneck. Live in Hoboken and work in midtown. Current hair = blonde NJ / VA 

 expecting you to slide in with a smooth pickup line. 

And yes thats Trippie Redd. Niagara University 
probably drunk
Take me to Applebees so I know its real I'm from Puerto Rico, and a Fashion Designer! 

I freak out every time I see a dog 

I enjoy  Food  Art  Museums  Concerts  Movies  Baseball & Ftbol  among other things    puertorriquea
if you cant accept me at my worst, leave because i dont have a best. im always awful.
nyu nursing 19 Wesleyan '16. Kindergarten teacher. Love puppies, baking, and coffee.  Got my heart broken so hmu while  still vulnerable 
Send me your playlists 
Twitter+IG: bethanypage_
SC: bethanyski 
Insta: claudiawski tall
enjoy these pics of me in bathrooms and yes that's my work uniform lol Just under 6ft
Preferred food(s): burgers, Nutella, and chicken nuggets!! 
Love a good sense of humour, so if youre gonna pop up, make me laugh! Ig: xlindawg I make really good banana bread 

Instagram: @julia.rebeccaa Since everyone else wants to stunt in front of fancy cars, I figured I should just pick one.  Looking to hang out with cool-ish people

Disclaimer: That doesn't mean I wanna hook-up  Harry Potter > Star Wars
West coast > East coast
Sun < moon
Cats > dogs (no contest)
Tequila > anything else

Dont agree? No problem. Lets talk about it
Ig: sarahkorrin Ukranian, live in Sweden and Marbella 

Going to New York the 29th of december, send me a dm on instagram if youre also there then or if you can recommend some good parties and things to do 

Instagram: Kristinabrorsson  insta: gaby.dsc ask me about my dog whats goooddd our stomachs think all forms of potato are mashed

art major, not looking for hookups (:

im absolutely as much of a bitch as i seem which is why i dont smile in pictures Made of jager bombs, sarcasm & sometimes really corny jokes this right here is astronomical Makeup addict 
Gemini (yes, i am crazy) 
Country music
Cat lover
Wine enthusiast 
I sleep with the fan on I have an identical twin.. good luck guessing. black coffee or gtfo 
UAXC&TF If you're gonna swipe on my pic, atleast do that right 


 im a virgo i like to smoke big dope and eat lots of food  <3 23 years young, college grad, fitness lover!! 
Instagram and Snapchat @taramichele93 Htesse de lair qui aime voyager rigoler et bien manger  Bad and bougie snap: jackiehagan21
insta: jayqueelinn Originally from North Carolina. 
Student of life. Introduce me to your mind with insights toward tenth dimension  NYC I snort when I laugh 


NYC NOLA SYDNEY
 
IG: applebottomjeannes 

Insta: vanessamonsen Has ten fingers I love to laugh/ I love people who make me laugh I got jp morgan on speed dial, but maybe you can get on there too dont swipe right if u dont fuck with Madonna SHUZetaaaaa

Follow my insta :) @nicolettefarren  on here because  trying to date your dad 20 years old. Bestfriend Not a boyfriend Sweden
rebro Fuck it, let me try this out.  Looking for someone to adventure & laugh with (:  throw me in the hudson with the other garbage Pionne du lundi au mercredi, et quasi sympa le reste du temps 
Crossfiteuse mais amatrice de bon restau looking for a fuckin weirdo  Uri
Instagram jme.masseria Data scientist by day and a sloth rest of the time. Hoping to make some good connections here. friends or dates  ..... lets build something that involves caring and friendship ... I am an indian guy, New to NY area and want to explore the place.super likes are NOT a mistake loves Chopin and Mariah Carey.
enjoys coffee, classical piano pieces, and live concerts a lot. 
 I like memes and warm hugs!  I love music, dancing and connecting with people. I think everyone should learn to laugh and have fun, comedies are my favorite for movies and tv shows. Also, an adventurous guy that loves to travel...  if you like J Cole I will like you. New to NYC from Texas. I work in commercial real estate as well as for Equinox Gym. I love food, movies, music, plays, and laughing.  try to live authentically and in the present. A teacher pursuing to give back to the community.

Good with kids, Spanish speaking, a great singer and dancer- que mas quieres?

I like to go clubbing, bar hopping, musicals, concerts. I love to dance and am always looking for a dance partner _()_/ Ny
6ft
Dog dad
Small spoon 
Dates , Friends , LTR US boy with an Aussie accent 

Born in the California but lived in Perth most of my life. Now living in NY 


Love: theatre, music, dance, travels, food and drinks.
I'm fun, outgoing and spontaneous!

I want to get to know people and date, someone who can actually hold a conversation that last longer than 15 mins. I'm not using this app to find a 1 night stand. Don't pick me if that's what you want. 

Instagram - mattyboimushroom New York City#VegLifePsych/music gradNurse studentJewelry collectorJack of all tradesArtistBiophileBisexualTattooedTraveler I would love to meet new people and make new friends, perhaps go on a few dates, and maybe even have the occasional tryst between the sheets. 

Mixed European, middle eastern, and Asian in case you were wondering. Malaysian chinese transplant, independent, pretty well travelled. Recently relocated from San Francisco to New York. Can be a little slow to warm up. 
believer in you never try/ask, youll never know

enjoys traveling, experiencing different cultures/languages, and of course good food!

ESFP.... you will like me one way or another LOL

Loves Italy! it will always have a special place in my heart I'm 21 year old from woodbridge NJ. Firefighter currently going to school for homeland security.
Big gamer (xbox,px,arcade,rhythm gamer)
Any Disney fans? 
Love to cuddle and go out on dates Nd explore 
Favorite colors blue and purple
Polish New to DTSP, looking for dates/friends/whatever...

All of my recent matches and chats got deleted!! sorry if we rematch and start over :

Likes: country music/blues, tennis, cooking, drinking (beer/whiskey), Microsoft excel, drugs (see job), Netflix.

NYC > BOS > PHL > BOS > MEM > FL Raven, 19, Living in the Philippines! Tweaked my location to meet new people Interest: piano, choir, composition, broadway, musical, horror movie, swimming, gym, science Musician. Love history. I like drugs and dancing. I like smart guys all you pretty and chill guys stay away. Yes you can be both  not an idiot. boy looking for friends to hang out, eat, and drink beer with IDN/EN/CH/ESP
Oldies pop music lover. Art. Languages. Travel. Foodie.
Hit me up on IG @jacksonkevin97 Native New Yorker living in Hells Kitchen. If youre fun, humorous and love Netflix binging, then we should get along just fine .

IG: Aaron_Anthony89 Add me on snap slay_theslug5 Cool Mexican lost in the city for a few days.

Me gusta mucho leer libros y escuchar musica.


There is love enough in this world for everybody, if people will just look. I am proof of that.

 If you like latinas, swipe right

I dont have social media, but feel free to ask for my number

Whos trying to be my New Years kiss? Be yourself and enjoy life.
English//
Looking for meaningful connections.                   Happy to chat about coffee, travelling and life. You know what it is when  in the mood. Cutie playing goofy with a sexy attitude. 

Big heart, big gut, and bigger thighs 



Fun fact: Viola Davis nephew was my grade school bully

Always up for coffee or drinks. Say hi  Hi there Livet er n Let's explore ^^

New York based. Love to make friends, know places, and make connections across the global 
Tell me your stories 

 taokas
  nedyahsti

FC Bayern Munich | Taylor Swift | Jongens | The Motorcycle Diaries | North Sea,  Texas | Brooklyn | Contact | August yRush | Dead Poets Society | Great Expectations | Spirited Away | Les Chansons d'amour | Before Sunrise | Roman Holiday |

Sci-fi/movies/coffee/wine/gym/travel Born and raised in DR (Yes, there is an accent). Into anime, video games, movies,  outdoors, theme parks, books, guitar; so if you do any or all of the above, we should get along just fine.
 A boy with long hair and an alright sense of humor. Also world renowned mac and cheese connoisseur. Accountant and international businessman. Trying to get really big at the gym. Looking for that special someone.
6ft2", 175lbs, if that matters. 
Jersey City is home. Poland is my second home. ;)
 If its gonna be salsa, it better be spicy salsa. I dont wanna get...involved with any of the mild salsa bullshit. 

 a bumbling fuck ass with the best intentions. Lets laugh/sing/scream about literally anything. 

 -  
 -  
 -  

he/they 
FTM
pan&poly Oh you are actually reading this!
. 
Well.. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
You'll notice: a hint of sarcasm, casually funny, maybe trilingual(?)
Newish to Brooklyn!!!   

A Slytherin who loves art, anime, movies music & history. No wine, no beer, yes cocktail.

INFP-T

Nous avons fait un beau rve, voil tout...

 Outgoing, fun, down to earth southern guy. #Virgo 

 It's pronounced sky-ler :)

Artistic. Romantic. Ginger. Hufflepuff with Ravenclaw tendencies.

5'10"

If you never lose, how're you gonna know when you've won?
And if it's never dark, well, how're you gonna know the sun?

 say WHO want lasagna  not a super model but I can make you laugh.

West Coaster living in the East.
Business aviation professional. 

Fashion, music, food, and aviation is all I need. IG:Deusquiano

Let's go kayaking? To a great museum? Or what about just for a drink? 

En.Es.De.It   Hey there.
Love good coffee and conversation.
Say hi :) NYC native. Cat person.
Into fiction, food, drinks, and nature. 
How do you want to do this? Full time PH.D. student on weekdays, CMHS volunteer on weekends, and professional napper all days. INTJ, if that matters. Science nerd. Fashion enthusiast (also my retirement plan)
Hopeless romantic who believes in HEAs.
Would be fun to meet someone with 
Be the Oliver to my Elio may be. . Or maybe someone who finally motivates me to hit the gym and is understanding to the fact that I love food too much.
Born in  Raised in  Studying in  Brooklyn Boy. Native Marylander. Chasing my dreams each and everyday. Hiking, working out, drinking, hanging out with friends, and gayming. Love having great conversations with amazing people. 

Let grab drinks or coffee!  Leo 
Fun 
Dates maybe idk bro just like sweep me off my feet 

and make like six to seven figures yearly ok FTM transguy; 53; 420 vibes; ; dog walker; silly dood; idk most people describe me as a light in their lives  but others say im the radio station they choose to listen to Business Major
nyc I heard you were in need of a NYE date 
Long Island | UNCW '20 Child of God
Student Affairs Professional
Master of Music Ed. (2017)
B.A. Applied Music Performance (2013) 
#HBCUAlum
#PWIAlum 
 cool man 
SC/IG: eatpraybrooklyn  the very best, like no one ever was...

Also; 
 not 23.  27. I dont even know why thats wrong. I like to think of myself as a fun person who also has a Disney Side, loves theater and new adventures. if you dont like kittens, im sorry.
usaf
good vibes & traveling  NJ/NYC  ENTJ  5 8

 absolutely terrible at writing bios. IG and twitter @carolynhaskll 
cashapp $carolynhaskell  3rd times the charm, right? Well, thats fucking a lie. 

Francophones? 5'11" Student. Queens native. Aspiring esthetician.
Aint tryna be anyones 3rd.
I appreciate good food, weed and wine.
Looking for like-minded individuals. 

  /   /   Physician, new immigrant (learning American social norms and nuances), introvert/extrovert. I love Broadway shows, Classical music, Harry Potter, Tennis and epic movies. I am ambitious. I Am 21 app Wont Let Me change My Age ,Looking to meet new ppl. just here to chill and vibe, go out on dates and to eat. innocent but not so innocent let's find some trouble.lets have fun I like new ventures. I like men of all ages and ethnicities I'm not so picky lol only when it comes to food. I like Steven Universe and Rick and Morty!
If you like Cupcakke, I already like you. If you have a beard, I definitely like you.
I like anime, manga, reading, music, and games (ps4+switch)
Learning about culture and language       Indoor>Outdoor (good with both just no surprise hikes, please )
Double Major w/ a minor(just ask lol)
Watch Netflix/hulu comedies with me and chill.
Intersectional feminism  Open to friends/fun/dates/chat. I love my brothers and only take pics because of them Pharma consultant 
Volleyball player 
Chocolate lover 
Novice painter 
World explorer 
Constantly laughing 
Just trying to enjoy and live my best life  Lets go bowling and see who wins! Get to know me and Ill probably make you laugh - lets grab drinks & chat. If youve seen the show Suits, I am like Donna...but better. living my best life
Insta @ laurennrock
mint>mango, I love my dog, pizza, french fries, and mint chip ice cream hmu Ideally looking for friends but hey you never know i may find my next boo thing on here 
Friends consider me social
 josh15779 or jayfranta 
Bad at love? Anyone else -MU 2021
-Love to travel 
EN | FR | ES | A few more
Swipe left if you dont respond or cant hold a conversation. 
Snap: mlausell98 ""

"6'0"

Living and working in finance around New York City, London and Singapore. 

Born in Malaysia but grew up in the states. It'd be fun to have people to connect with.

Holla me up peeps 
 Guyana  | Singapore  | USA 

I love marshmallows, cuddles and marshmallows and cuddles.

- you know what this means.

Swipe to learn more
If we match, text me Literally need some friends to hang out with Still figuring life out 
 I am love, the Prince of Peace, I am ZEN. 
Pleased to meet you. I am 5.8" 130bls.
I am open to FWB. Dates. FB. Polygamous. Pensexual. Into cis or trans. BB. 
Unless that one person catches my constant attention.  want me to send you pics? Offer it.
Lookin 4 fit. kind.  21+ Age.Ethnicity. zodiac dn't define me. So dnt ask. or its no match. No cig smokers/ Drunks/ hardrug users if u want to date, for hookups doesn't matter. BK.  Offer wat u ask for. I am open. 
LovePeaceZen 
Ny/NJ
Ig:   Bk_cc_718
420 friendly 
#NYCNiteLife.   21
I'd probably murder you with cuddles
Just a lost soul in a big city
Instagram/snapchat: jeffasaurrawr
Taurus 
NYC
 AE
Insta: nicolemckennna Looking for a man who likes to eat a home cooked dinner and then go out dancing!

During my travels, Ive learned to cook food from the many kitchens of my international family. Let me cook you some West African, Creole and Cajun food! 

From the Catskills & Milwaukee, currently living in Brooklyn. Into film & politics!  "He has a great taste in music" - Spotify

"I wouldn't kick him out of my kitchen" - Gordan Ramsay

"His love for good food, drives up our spirits" - Seamless 

" I'm so glad I swiped right" - You, next week Looking for someone that likes partying and commitment 

Visiting Reykjavk Dec 28th-Jan 5th. Looking for people to celebrate NYE with 

I like to tweet @rcummingz101 I speak Spanish, English some German and Japanese. 
 an animal lover. 
Fish and birds enthusiasts as well as languages 
                                    
 also a foodie who loves long walks at the park and emo music(it wasnt a phase I guess )
Feel free to follow me on instagram and hit me up if we match;  very friendly, for the most part that Keep it simple stupid 
4/20 food and friends  From Japan. art, design, illustration, architecture
ghibli, pixar, animation Kosher in the streets, bacon in the sheets

You can only touch my hair if you touch my butt too neurosurgery fanatic, family guy, dancing nerd, and best travel bud. Bartender, misanthrope, sarcastic jerk. Must love dogs Must love pizza 

Hispanic 

I just wanna rock  NYC. HMU . Pitt '21
Pretty open minded. Coffee, movie, museum, concert, outdoors, etc.
Ready to have an adventure with someone.  Have courage. Be kind.  I love to go EVERYWHERE!! Lol ! Just an romantic average guy from Brooklyn  21 years old I work 2 Jobs and I go to school motivation is the key for life , I love to enjoy ever piece of life,  very funny outgoing understanding and I know my wroth,  looking for someone who fits on my level who there for me who takes me for m e and who there Step by Step, love me a masculine guy lmaooooo, just saying!! Lol    

Foot swipe right if you gonna unmatched me after thats just stupid !! Gruel sandwiches. Gruel omelettes. Nothing but gruel. Plus, you can eat your own hair. The year of realizing Hi!  looking for someone to share my life with, I love to cook for my friends and family! I like movies and country music! Lets talk! Art. Up for some cool guys.   Eng Mandarin or Cantonese. NYC. I have a pokeball. Easy-going guy.  
(Contact me on Ins if I disappeared.) NYC. Psych major. Dancer. Awkward and weird but funny once you get to know me :) My ideal job is to help people stabilize their mental health while I try to stabilize mine . High key obsessed with drag race. 60
nyc


@99ucci New to Easton
20
Pisces Instagram: _joseestevez 
Snapchat: joseestevez_1 Engineer, yogi, gamer, musician. I'm on here for men who aren't monogamous, and are down with sex beyond just vanilla. I'm LTR minded, ultimately, but living life day by day otherwise. I have a stable life with a good career and most of my needs met. You don't need the same, but it's attractive to me.

I care a lot more about what you read, you do, and how you think, rather than just caring about your body (though being active is a plus).

Tambin hablo espaol. Parks and Recs is better than The Office. Let's argue Please me or get lost   Hi,  a friendly guy from Uruguay!  spending a few days in NYC I would like to know charming and lovely people to be friends and spend a good time together I'm from the Bronx- moved to Brooklyn- go to New York Law at night- which takes up a lot of my life right now. I'm Italian. Have an assortment of useless trivia facts. I hate lentils ( the devils beans) and have an innate skill of knowing when a person is going to get up from a subway seat. Looking for coffee dates and movie goers. 
Message me with something random about yourself. Pretty much have me if you can quote Goodfellas and Mean Girls 
Stare Decisis!!! Miami Beach Dec 3-10 

5 ft 4 in tall
Palestinian/French/Anglo
Aries 
Twin

Artist living in Brooklyn
Work at PR firm in Chelsea
 lenoxtwins Just moved to the area, want to get to know people!

I also have 110 solo Fortnite wins so  born 
new friends welcome
ask away
chubby for the winter 
the biggest little  youll ever meet

6'3" if you like em tall 
6'2.803" if not

EN/minimal  May not be a 10, but who knows maybe I will be the 1
Live in Cali and NYC, everywhere else I am visiting. 
Work and go to school, travel a lot. Grad student.
Super Geek
Major Nerd
Love films/tv shows/music Were living in a simulation Hi my name is Rafael or Raffi for short. I'm a New Yorker who's getting a degree in Business. It is what its is lol
Love the beach, movies, sleeping. 
I play piano and tuba Looking for a conversation starter: I Have A Pet Snake and 2 Cats

I tend to dress in mostly black.
 a straightforward honest person. I do keep in mind if we are talking about something serious.
***I dont want someone who is in in the Non Binary Spectrum If you are so called Nonbinary. swipe left ***
 looking for friends or relationship but mostly just to chat with people. New to brooklyn. Originally from Georgia, but I've spent the last 8 years in Chicago. So I guess that makes me a southern midwestern transplant? Moved here to finish undergrad, so that's my primary focus. However, I'm always down to make new friends and explore the city. Dates are ok too. Insta: miggs109
Looking for a connection whether it be chatting, friends or something more

If youre a dog lover youre already winning
Whos trying to chill and watch a movie? Newly single looking to network and meet new people. Pretty fun chick very outgoing personality.  a fan of the Brawny man look the bigger the beard the better. Love being outdoors and live an active and healthy lifestyle. Huge Twenty One Pilots fan!!!! im here to swipe right and eat ass. and im all out of ass. lets match and never talk . I Laugh Alot.... And I Mean Alot
Sarcastic
Love R&B 
I Love Video Games
Great Conversation Is What  Really Into I'm a 25 Y.O Pasta 4 Pasta. Marinade negative. Looking for penne or maybe ravioli. Alfredo to the front.

Really 21, smh

Aquarius sun + rising Pisces moon For every dark night there is a brighter day.  
Medical assistant 
IG marygracewhite123 Loves architecture, but does not like me back I'm really tired of inconsistency, I'm ready for something more. Exclusivity and ltr is what Id really like to experience, how serious it gets, I guess will be up to how we feel, but consistancy is definitely something I'm looking for. Someone to hangout with regularly, cuddle up with, share interests and dance with. To see where the wind takes us. Anything other than that, shoot me a message to find out  Lets chat and see where it goes January baby
Whatevers cool as long as we cuddle 
Singer and workin on writin music
I got snap just ask me 63, 220 lbs, NYC-born, Bronx-living math teacher, performer, and lover of games, conversation, cuddles, kinks, and cupcakes.

Currently bulking up to muscle bear. NYSC member here!  Non-smoker!

LOOKING FOR
 Friends
 Cuddle buddies
 Friends with benefits (FWB)
And rarely, a date or two!

EXTRA CREDIT if youre into...
 Kirby & Sonic the Hedgehog
 Deadlifts
 Saunas
 Skinny Jeans
 Sunrises & Sunsets
 How to Get Away With Murder
 The Good Doctor
 SO MANY GENRES of music From NYC. Bi, Photographer, YouTuber, Geek/Nerd, Anime Otaku, Video Game Player, Computer Science Major. 

Looking to meet up with people that can show me a good time. I'm open to anything including making friends and going out on dates so let's chat.

I have a special thing for tech nerds and geeks. So if you are one, that's a plus. Swipe right.  I can answer question you can think of, try me!

I'm currently a student attending Brooklyn college;
majoring in Psychology.
I also work as a tutor!
I enjoy a nice conversation, and being asked questions on occasion. But I also like asking questions.
I'm here to make friends.  

If you love HTGAWM I love you
 Leading a simple life but I enjoy having a great time!  I am a freelance filmmaker looking for inspiring and genuine stories around my life
I try hard to be open-minded, to accept things as they are and yet to be able to tell right from wrong.
 looking for someone who is not defined by what he has or looks like but what he does and thinks about. Transmasc
I love running, theatre, and dogs I like cereal - Cheese Food and Music make me happy
Black and Vietnamese 
Brooklyn

Snapchat: perryz980
Instagram: perrypx3 I'm majoring in biology and love plants. I'm 5'4 Free body, mind and soul. Worldwide photographer. I love comic books and anime! Pothead!  25 years old. Italian.  going to very specific as to what  looking for! 

I want a masculine, handsome, Dominican, Puerto Rican, black or Italian guy. The thicker the better.

Snapchat jake_versace : SEATTLE  Socially awkward and anxious introvert(ISTP) looking for friends, dates, travel buddies, fwb, anything really. Its hard to find genuine people in this city, lets change that! I work in coffee and am working towards a B.A. in Global Studies. 
Lets get drunk and talk about our problems on my roof :)
Disclaimer:  very blunt and real so if you cant handle brutal honesty & are overly sensitive, fuck off.
Mexican by blood, Scandinavian at heart 
In NYC 12/29-1/3 my idea of a perfect date is to get drunk in a park at 7pm and then play smash brothers for 5 hours

I'm an academic and I try not to talk about it

none of my pictures look like the same person, because I don't know what I actually look like and i want you to get all the possibilities.

5'8 libra/virgo cusp if ur into that stuff.

 Tell me, hows your heart? 

INFP
Open-Minded, Friendly, Passionate
Love writing, music, helping others, hanging out and having a great time Home for a little and just looking to have a little fun Tired of being alone, but I have to put up with it for a little bit longer.
-Dont be a fool wasting time waiting for love here.
-What are you doing here?
-Being a fool.
Wechat: ktvt950610
Snapchat: mb950610 Anyone in jersey looking for a running partner? Planning on doing a race in the spring Just looking for someone to go dumpster diving with me for their next meal Active Duty Army.

I guess I'll give this a try once more. Guy next door kind of guy. Love to read and play games both video and board games. Especially Cards Against Humanity. Hanging out with with friends and family and love dogs and cats. Also don't have any alerts/notifications on. Want to know anything els just ask. I am determined, funny, caring and loving. 
Ask and I shall answer! PLEASE READ  Dont swipe on looks alone. My super likes are on purpose. Jersey City is home for now.  a stocky guy but good looking. DONT swipe right if you dont like what you see. If I swiped right, I swiped for a reason. Not sure whats worse, matching and not messaging or matching and quickly unmatching   more interested in a relationship over hookups but a man has needs . Lets get drinks or coffee...or snacks!  60 just so you know. 95%  NYC. Actor. Writer. Goofball.
 JustAyer Work in magazines... love the outdoors and sports! Graduated from Ole Miss...HottyToddy

Insta: urillo Lifes just one big adventure so  just making the most out of it! I love hanging with friends and traveling. The beach is a must when possible and so is having a drink or two.  pretty much an open book so just hit me up! Not really good at these heres a list of my interest 
- tv shows
-movies
-video games
-reading 
- writing screenplays 
- walking around the city 
Message me if you want to know more Comedy & journalism boy in Brooklyn  Here for Friends, Dates, and a partner in crime . Dual American/British citizen that has resided in New York for most of my life. Tell me about something you find fascinating  Love tennis, theatre, opera, swimming, reading and traveling to explore new places, cultures and cuisines.

Ideally looking for something long term, but not opposed to FWB either. I grew up during the sixties, with the peace and love generation. If I can't get some love, I'd like to get a piece. Legit check my cooking page out!
@MitaCooks

Born & Raised in The Bronx, NY 
Love cooking, Playing Chess, Drinking & Music  

I want Love & a Business Partner. Until i find that i aint settling.

 cool, calm & mellow.
I listen more than i speak.
 horrible at jokes so dont take it personal
I love Dragonball Super 
I listen to a lot of old music. Luther Vandross is one of my favorites. Just message me. 

New to Denver. Whats there to do here?

If youre into any type of EDM/Dance music well probably get along. If not give it a try!

If I super liked you it was by accident 
 Swipe right if you are adventurous, ready to go eat at any time, and cant stand endless talking on here instead of making a real connection in life. 
Goal driven, family oriented, here for something special.
if u smoke or do drug. ig: benf55 

NYC
NYU 2022

Looking for a friend or someone to talk to.

I drink way too many ice coffees and yes, I know its cold out. Love animals ( I have two dogs and a cat). I probably get way too excited, but I love literature, movies, art. NYC
Consistency turns me on &  
- OVOMarcquis Vertically challenged(short)
Dancer
Looking for:
Dates
Friends
Etc not really a hookup guy
As you can tell from my loop  a mess lol
If I was a ghost Ill give you chills (its a inside joke sadly) Enjoy your life and treat yourself well. If you wanna hang out, will you say bubble tea please? shell be comin round the mountain is about death

I write poems because I am a cactus.

swipe left if u love capitalism

(all these pics are pre losing 60lbs btw, but im STILL FAT, so no worries there) Curiously, the only thing that went on in the mind of the bowl of petunias as it fell was Oh no, not again.

Grad student studying pol theory so, yes, I want to hear all of your conspiracies.

Writer existing is exhausting. 
hey hey!
ENTJ | little spoon | Sagittarius

add me on sc :) Lover of languages, politics, podcasts, and shitty TV shows. Talk to me about any of that :) Introvert. 
I value personality over aesthetic appeal. 
Thoroughly enjoy reading, marijuana, and political commentary. 
Social anxiety sucks. Theres not really anything I could mention here that you wouldnt figure out over a nice glass of wine! psu 19, pre-vet hmu for pics lol living in Brooklyn  looking for person who can stay with me for long time

IG@sanosyou Hey there,  Andre, but youve probably already guessed that,  not really one for the about me section so if youd like to talk or learn more about me shoot me a message. Bhutan                                                                        Mountain and rivers are my kind 

IG: aatish802_ I can take the lo out of lonely 

Be yourself. 
Dancer. 
Insta: bbristoll
Snap: itschrisbitxhh

//brooklyn// In college 5'11, work and live in north NJ.
If you would like to know more feel free to message me.  when it comes to that Hi

venmo: @amyjakesss My favorite thing to do is light a blunt and listen to Beyonc. 
Insta- morinohardy Pop Culture Enthusiast
Creative
Pretty much an open book.
Monogamous If you were a steak  you would be well done   fun and outgoing guy. I like to travel. Looking for a travel buddy. To explore the world with. If not just a friend would do. Montreal Canada is home! Always looking to meet new people. Be someone who answers a match, someone who cares. Be local please. Sports and working out are my main hobbies. Be sports minded. Jersey City is my current home. KNOW HOW TO WRITE A CLEAR AND CONCISE ESSAY; THAT SHOULD TELL ME YOU CAN HOLD A CONVERSATION LOL

JUST MAKE ME SMILE, THATS IT. 
Attracting a Gemini means being loyal and honest to them every time. You need to earn their trust and avoid breaking the trust that they have with you because once that trust is broken, you will have a hard time getting it back. They want someone who is knowledgeable enough to talk about interesting news.
Unmatch if you wont talk or reply. Theres no point Just a chef, who loves music, nature, movies, video games, and talking about how the world is going to end if we don't switch to renewable energy asap
I got that good old emotional intelligence 

Queer dude
 INTJ (). 
social worker here, so yes, emotional intelligence is sexy. 
friends + dates are chill but open to the infinite possibilities. 24. Virgo. Pharmacist

NYC is home but work in DE

Looking for friends. Down to go out for a drink or grab food/beer  It be easier to ask me yourself. But bullet points. Dog lover. Geek. Gamer. Netflix. Foody. Active walker. Hopeless romantic. Really great listener. Nature lover. Let's talk about life. Searching for my one true love. Let's raise a dog together  if you love cuddling, long walks, massages, and midnight talks? Swipe right.  But fair warning I'm witty, charming, and with a heart of gold. Looking for a date now  FIDI | peace, love and happiness#malebodypositivity Fil-Iranian Banker
Gamer

I'm more of an introvert who would rather watch a movie/show, read, or play video games than go out with people. Netflix all day, yo!

My friends think that I'm really funny. 
I hate coffee, but love milk!  One of my greatest fears in life is to become lactose intolerant.

Talk to me about Pokmon, Super Smash Bros and other Nintendo franchises. 

Zombieland is my favorite film of all time.

I'm not sure why I'm even here though. Mostly on here when I'm bored. It's pronounced JA-ear. Peruvian. Scorpio. Queerdo. 5'10". BK

I fuk w: intellect, MoviePass, Tekken, creativity,  martinis, biking, cooking, wine, music before 2000.
Living life on an everyday basis.
I connect best w those who have experienced struggle, make their own rules, value challenges, and don't take themselves too seriously yet can visualize and execute their goals.

if u can't handle me talking shyt or reciprocate, we are not a match I recently graduated from the University at Buffalo and is currently searching for a job opportunity in NYC.

I am Chinese and know how to speak English, Cantonese and Mandarin.  Snapchat: vanteeeee

Just here to pass time and make friends. Always open to a relationship if it gets to that point. Not the hookup kind of guy either. Ask me I am very friendly  Down to earth guy looking for the good times to last longer. 
espaol
Economics and Fraud Examination Major. 
511  NYC busy rolling my eyes 

- English Major-

Musical Theater-Drag-Books-Coffee

//help me look for good coffee shops!//

How very!

19 I'm a joke. 
Loud and really like to laugh. A lot.
181 / 72 Singaporean chinese, visiting.  down to break your heart Hey there! I'm a recent graduate currently working in architecture and design. I love good convos with other creative minds, red wine and chocolate are an easy way to win me over, and I'm also down to grab a cup of coffee or go out dancing.   My age is 29. 
Live in Brooklyn, NY as artist/musician.
Feel free to ask my works.
Encounter with interesting people is my favorite thing!
5'4, 95lb, from Japan  Senior at Hunter College
Soul Cycle
Tequila
Television News
No Social Media MS '18 Speech Language Pathology
  ENFJ Bloom U graduate and kind of a huge nerd.

My talents include smash bros, and making mediocre bar food.

Just moved to Brooklyn and hoping to meet people. 

Snapchat: Alexoftheaura  I believe in living above the systematic veil...
Self love comes first... Honestly looking for something real... Of true substance... From St. Louis... lets go on a date, grab a drink or something Auditor from Thailand 
Move to work here in New York City
Love travelling, sightseeing, and board game
Need music therapy after work also  Jonathan  young and 20  Africa American black man looking for Love  opened minded and looking for a girlfriend Cool friendly guy
Enjoy a good G&T
Swipe right to know more Hey not looking for anything serious just wanna settle down and start a family.  

Smoke and chill 

How much can you really tell from a bio?

Some people can read war and peace and come away thinking its a simple adventure story... Others can read the ingredients on a chewing gum wrapper and unlock the secrets of the universe. Hola hit me up on my sc- adrianherndez or insta- slay.dri ll.........
       !...           g ;)     d  g!!= friends dates ok Originally from China, enjoy the cultural diversity 
Business manager by days. Sleep by nights
Love movies and good restaurants 
Looking for dates, friends Ideally looking for LTR, but friends and networking are cool too.
Working in Finance and was attending school part-time in premed. Love arts and crafts, working out, and gaming. Pokemon GO? :D

56 and  Started off in Buffalo, now I'm here. Pop culture junkie. (Live tweeting Scandal? It's handled.) Fourteen-year NYC resident, writer/editor, uncle, sports fan, loyal friend and master of sarcasm. Cheesy jokes and cooking skills are just a bonus.

"I believe: Black lives matter, womens rights are human rights, no human is illegal, science is real, love is love, and kindness is everything. I don't usually speak in memes, but this one's important. (I have, however, been known to speak in GIFs.) .         mad boring tbh Memes and self deprecating humor is my forte.  a bit of a nerd but youll grow to like it. Talk to me about tv shows (anime included too) or music and Ill never stop talking. Relationship is the goal but friends never opposed. Message if we match! Genuine vibes I value human connection and directness.
So salty I may give you hypertension.
12/10 Ill cry if we watch Disney movie.


BA in Psychology

Home: The Bronx
Work: Queens 20 CT Elon university - double major in strategic communications and religious studies with a minor in spanish Ask me Went to Manchester Uni and just spent a year teaching in China.




 Performing Artist and designer

Queer shapeshifter and goofy af
He/They

Always happy to meet other artists, make new friends, go on dates, and go out at night  63
English Major 

Best bet is to HMU on IG: _a.cvlly_ Bio Nerd x Dancer x Model
Wild Card 
Love beautiful men and light roast coffee. If i swipe on you, it either means i find you unbearably cute/hot, or your intelligence/creativity on your bio has peaked my interest (sexual interest as well bc lets face it, smart is sexy), or i simply just want to pick your brain. We all have stories to us. 

I work hard at what i do even if its not what i would like to end up doing. I'm passionate about people i care for. In dire need of a cuddle buddy. hmu

*hella thick obv

 Open to all types of men.  Love me some cubs/bears/daddies tho  Let's so how this goes .


Unfriendly Black hottie
J.k totally friendly Little French Hawaiian that love to play Cello.

Karv Maga  Swimmer  outdoors  

59 > . Super chill kid  thats always up for some fun ( with and without clothes) Not exactly fem, definitely not masc. Mary Jane is a name I love to hear .

Lets see what you call a date...                                                   Topp // Fashion Lover // Model I go by Bambi... ask me why

Actually 19 not 21  a bottom just putting this first so it wont be a confusion  . Just looking for someone I can just enjoy myself with maybe we can be fwb then move forward if things work out 6ft 1in INSTA: ask ?

Sagitarius
Funny  
Kind 
Honest
Baddie
I love clothes and style and i listen to any type of music especially slow songs they make me really happy n get me thinking about life 
LOVE Nicki Minaj 
Most of my time is spent at home playing my fav game Sims 4, I also love playing pokemon or naruto  
Dont have much friends cause im not really outgoing but the friends i do have I love and bring the crazy out of me  insta: meggkeene Do you believe in love at first sight? Or should I walk by again? SUNY Cortland
Math Nerd
Addicted to the ocean & gym General science student for now, going for nursing after I enjoy working out, hiking, PS4 anything chill. Looking  to meet some new people have some fun and a good time swipe right you won't regret it 

P.S. Don't swipe right and not hold a conversation  Tall, slim, sarcastic, feminine ...
Looking for friends and dates!

Actually 21 

Hopeless Romantic  UES is home. Denver born and raised.

I love jazz, art, Harry Potter, wine, wine with friends, wine with a good date, design, Chinese food. Enjoy being around people who are kind, intelligent, funny, honest.

Fun facts: I've had a piece of graphite stuck in my hand since the 6th grade and I grew up as a competitive figure skater. Bonjour! 

I love dogs! 
Native New Yorker.
Just a jewish  city boy. 

Want a Sunday kind of love. If youre emotionally unavailable or looking to fuck plz swipe left Never on here so follow my ig  

Have an old tinder but lost the password, that account not in use  Coffee Addict, Pizza Fanatic, &Obviously an aspiring rapper. Sorry I'm really bad with bios lol
Just looking for someone to eat food & go on adventures with 

Leo Instagram: angeloungro 75% Ukrainian 25% Russian 100% Slav squat.  Always open to adventure.

ig: natalkadub_ Looking for nice guys for dates and fun. 

I am silly little pipsqueak. Probably playing with my teddies  or wishing I was home playing with my teddies 

Like to cook, chill, beach. 

 very into guys who arent afraid to be dominant kinky freaks, (not actually into teddies.)

 short, you should be taller strong and dominant But all not required. Have fun! Greek/Brooklyn, NY                    IG: Cyprus_Michael Answers to the questions  always asked: 

- Job: Starbucks 
- School: Arizona State University Online
- Degree: Graphic/Web design and Marketing
- Height: 57
- Tattoos: 7
- From: Dallas, Texas
- Live: Sunset Park, Brooklyn
- Moved: November 2016
- Orientation: Gay 
- Roommate: x2 
- Fun: Exploring the city, music, movies, concerts, museums, festivals
-Snapchat/Instagram: PaytonCopAFeel Where all the good guys gone? - Mika

 visiting DTF LA.NYC. #multitasking Insta: kkowals7 
Crossfit - 6ft - 175 Just your run of the mill math nerd 
 Dennis Moore. Dennis Moore. Rum tata da dum.  Freelance musician + grad student.  Looking for someone that wants to be something.  Lets go get someand go to the 

Prematurely bald and wise beyond my years? I guess its an ok trade off .  
 Tom Holland is the best spiderman and I am more than willing to throw hands about it. 

Ask me about anime and prepare to be talked at exquisitely on why Naruto Uzumaki is the icon of a generation. 

Extra points if you're a sound cloud rapper.

Extra Extra points if you tell me a joke Described by my barber Greg, unprovoked, as: "Have you been in a fight? I think you could handle that."

@mscottdonnelly 6'

Talk to me about:  /  / /   /  

World renowned napping expert 

I have no chill.   

I watch a lot of vines and talk a lot about drag. 

Sometimes theatre maker, often activist, always meme enjoyer.

(He/ Him/ His)  Hoping to find someone serious out there 
Snap: Wjjp200 
hmu?  Josh. 28 , 5'7, mixed, nyc. @joshualanceglass

I don't have any money, if that's what you're after. And I'm not one of those girls that does weird stuff in bed because they think they have to. If you're a gay guy looking for a beard, I don't do that anymore. And if you're trying to harvest my organs and sell them, I have an uncle who's a cop, so don't even try. Foodie, explorer, home body, lover of music, sports, and physical activity. Looking to meet interesting like-minded individuals. 


Tend to randomly go on midnight food runs... 


5'8" 160LBS
Instagram: Domanicki Outgoing and the realest person youll ever meet. Looking for something real and of substance but friends are welcome all the same. Not too good at talking about myself in bios but I guess that's what messages are for  A sucker for dumb puns, cheap beer, and dogs Just be cool bro
Add my snap: Granddaddybu Real things are not perfect. 
Perfect things are not real. DL Bottom. Yeah,  Thick 
I dont mind texting either. 
Just ask for a pic. I dont mind sending one.
I only like masculine men
I like having fun on snap   literally always horny  but I have good conversation too. 22 | NY | Queen of winged liner | Lover of all things food related | Future nurse | I like to listen to podcasts a lot We are all divinely consecrated and deeply fucked.


5'11'' Sc- stokely.s
IG- stokely.s
 INST: haygondim / Snap: Hay_ai
5'5"   Entre o uniforme e a nudez

passionate about the pressionist vanguard.
 (  Adeus pink "Freud" )  Lets grab dinner and talk there  I like having fun, and enjoying life. I love to laugh. I like going out with friends. Just ask me and you will find out.  
 really bad at starting the conversations lol 

Snapchat: capricejr PizzaBoy looking for an alarm clock.                              

IG: @dzasstr indie film nerd. traveling.  you're prob beautiful and all but i be yawnin Love to have a good time, laugh, and learn. Looking for my last first date. My hobbies include fitness, travel, eating, opera and Netflix. I have a smile and personality that is captivating and enticing. 

Interested in the smart, secure,
Also down with the SWIRL *Ohio 1/3-1/10*
West Philly is my usual habitat
Historian, poet, all around rad motherfunster.
I officially have the best dad bod in Philly. (Seriously, I have a crown and everything.)
Ill probably make you watch The Mole.
*Most* superlikes are accidents, but sometimes its because you seem really rad.
Dont be a racist or a misogynist and well probably get along fine.
EN-FR-NL INFJ  5'11" shes like warm days, sunshine, honey, & love 
 
wholesome young lady, 23 *capricorn.


my personality is big, my hearts bigger.


only trying to be better than the person i was yesterday  SoCal native. Living in NYC & often traveling. &. Startups. 6'1. 

insta:

@jakepetersen Scout for IMG Models but not scouting on here. 

I have good teeth, I just hate smiling. Let's match and never talk... or ignore each other! 

not into endless conv here, just ask me out ;)

Home- New York City @kpatriick

From Long Island, live in NYC
Work in entertainment marketing for a hospitality group
Laid back and chill
Snapbacks, EDM & memes Big believer in breakfast for dinner. Sucker for a good thrift find and dine in movie theaters. @mglevien

6ft Gemini.

Omnivert.

Has a sweet tooth.  Adventurous, outgoing, traveler who enjoys good food and good wine.  Always up for meeting new people. I Love scary movies, and I'm a big thrill seeker. If you can hold an intelligent conversation about politics, environmentalism, or current events... even better!  A sense of humor is a must!   a bit of a romantic... surprise me. everything's fine

find me in the EV Artist from LA - living in NYC l make art  Art available on my IG and website  instagram @ gianna.lucia www.giannalucia.com lve been told that  the best at being the worst.
Pics of your dog> Pics of your dong.
My special skill is covering up my emotions with humor. NYC
nice farm boy from oregon.                                                     6 N E W J E R S E Y 
Singer/songwriter                                              
Looking for a cool person to get to know 
Not really on here for friends  EN  ES
511 
INTJ

 

FiDi. New York, NY hi hi how are ya Musician, martial artist, photographer, and weed enthusiast.
If you dont like drugs you wont like me.
My secret identity is a super genius and my disguise is a dumb ass. cool blue 
smoke me out
ask 4 pronouns  looking for a boyfriend cat dad. 
minimalist hoarder.  
///. 

carrot cake is my definition of comfort food. 

Lets talk about legendary divas.  Exchange student staying in Oslo for 6 months. Would love to find a Norwegian to make these 6 months magical. LOVE Norway and its culture   Peruvian traveler, in NYC for some days. 
 English, Spanish & Portuguese Afro-Latina. Politically opinionated. Just a regular degular girl from the Bronx.


Lets get drunk and talk about our problems  Hoping to make a living by being everybody but myself on stage one day.

Let's talk Bob's Burgers, Friends, New Girl, or anything Musical

IG: JahmezLim A smll-video man not looking for anything serious _()_/ About me: 
 Albanian, 50, I love CHICKEN WINGS and pizza 
 Just moved to Jersey, from Brooklyn. Love life ! And chasing sunsets  busy trying to conquer the world here but maybe we can collab and make art or free visas 6



 kohls.jpg writer / lazy poet
full-blown aquarius 
57, brooklyn Swipe right and you'll find out that I'm more than a pretty face.  I'm new to this so please don't make me regret . Live in NJ. Work in Manhattan. One kid. Love comedy. Learning how to code. Always have The Office on in the background. INTP. 

pressed when people know how to use semicolons properly. The Jersey Shore revival makes me happy. BBW. 

Life is good. Looking for someone to be my plus one at weddings and to tell me  funny. 53// Dominican // NYC

Looking for a vibe. Dont swipe right if you just trying to fuck! Son. Brother (x18). Uncle (x7). 

Bi-lingual. Bi-Cultural.  not here to make friends.   here to win a million dollars. 

Someone take me ice skating!

NYU 18 Drama & Psych 63 | PhD student in art history | Warsaw born, based in New York
@patrykt  @ringmybellaaa

Bilingual, guitar-playing, concert-going, beer-drinking, slightly nerdy engineer

If you love Disney go ahead and swipe right but if you like pepsi over coke then maybe not rly into jazz and the concept of moon shoes also really staggeringly bad @ giving high fives Here to ruin my mental health and meet guys to go have soup dumplings with Coffee and corporate law  Ig: porcelainvirgo  EN | FR
Just a boy from LA who somehow ended up in NYC and is trying his best to survive.
Take me on a charming adventure and  yours. 
Interests: ambitious people, dogs, tea, politics, food, 90s pop stars, and a whole lot more. 
 Looking for creative people in the fashion industry wholl like to work/collaborate together.


IG: Fyohstyle I love to go on adventures and explore. My passion is writing stories and poems in romance. is home. Work in Media/Advertising. Love to travel, fine arts, philosophy and working out.

 No preconceived expectations. Open to expand my friend/network circle, swolemates, drinking buddies and dates. 
Instagram: markcora  Great guy looking for something simple. Lets not waste time  Recently relocated to Brooklyn from Boston by way of California. Newly minted dog  parent. Beer, traveling, food and quick wit are always a way to my heart. in my 20s but going on 80 Musician.  +theatre +hockey +video games +whiskey 

People I want to meet:
Vince McMahon
Tim Curry
Elton John


Reba McEntire

Please use "you" instead of "u" Love to go outdoors, travel , and base our vibes off of simple conversation. This is my very first time using this app. Lets have some fun Currently a lawyer in NYC

6'1''

Born in Munich, raised in the Philadelphia area 

Enjoy the outdoors (particularly mountains and beach), snowboarding, running, rowing, beer gardens, spontaneity, books on tape

IG: Lfelix08  ok. Please be a communist. Indian
I dont bite lol.. say hi Shoot me your best pick up line need someone to help me through this quarter life crisis 

aide-moi  pratiquer le franais

nyc 12.28-1.5
boston 1.5-1.14 Born and raised in the city. Looking for potential friends, dates or fun. Let's grab a drink I cant cartwheel and nothing else matters

Work in NYC, live in Rockland Musician working in Law. Looking for good chats, dates and connections. Laid-back masc looking for similar; if youre over 60, swipe right! 

Staten Island - 60  ENTJ-A

If we match - Snapchat: andresingleton 
http://youtube.com/saintofficial just tryna be your winter honey


tacos.tattoos.tequila

*bushwick* "Kindness "
Mealprep for me? 
Masters degree in Architecture 
Designed in Brazil, made in Peru, ported/ exported to NYC from Texas 
New York City A24 film & art museum enthusiast HomeManhattanFromTampaBayBornHawaii
85'6 typical brummy with a shit accent  Belgian by birth. American by choice. Curious by nature. Lover by design. 

Foreign cultures, cuisines, accents, looks and people fascinated me. I am passionate about traveling but  looking for a good reason to be home more.

I am optimistic, caring, straightforward, romantic, and adventurous. Little spoon here. INFJ. LTR-oriented.

Work in finance. NL/FR/ENG. im here to get to know new people and perhaps find this mythical thing called "substance" Studio potter and assistant 
MtF trans  Swedish (not Swiss), music & producing, adventures, pancakes with Nutella.
Just moved here.
 Management and Economics 6 Irish.
Looking for those LTR goals. 
LI/NYC work in advertising
Cooking, photography, hiking, bit of a comic book nerd. I just wanna have a good time  single I use to stripe but now I keep a different pole coffee, outdoors, yoga, biking, swimming. Love staying active. Good sleep is a must. Manhattan based, travel often. If we match feel free to say hi Have you seen Whiplash?

If not that's fine too. I can talk about architecture, coffee, other movies, or something I know nothing about - fake it till you make it right?

Minneapolis | Fargo | Dallas | New York NYC 
Gotham Writers
Korean 
52, Munchkining my way through life
Yea, its two words, its really one name 
Anyone who read, do art, create, express, give peace, understand divinity and the spiritual word/energy, I love you and I hope you dont mind.  Bronx  
If you built soft dont swipe cus these good looks come with a bad attitude 
mother of a beautiful son  Zayden 
Not really into anything serious just some fun  
IMA REAL FREAK  

Insta: milapollmeier "Time to raise your standards" -my friends

Just looking for that special someone that I can watch Chopped with Mainly lookin for friends or whatever  ( dont be boring  ) 

But if you cute I might just make u my boo  snapchat- kyrahlovee 


friends only.



where the NY sugardaddies at? Visiting NYC.
Where are the fun bars/clubs
Insta/Snap? ENTP

-  Not interested in hookups 

-  Always down for evenings over rooftops (note: If you happen to know the band, I am already impressed)

-  Lets play chess online 

-  Also  Looking for actors (ask for details) NYC//I love food and laying around//  Mixed  Virgo 64 swipe left if you dont like pit bulls  Based in New York City.

 Chinese-Colombian American Queer Boy.

Sporty Kung Fu Lover. 
Traditional Arts Follower. 
Adventure Soul Traveler.

Top boy if that's the matter. Lawyering in NYC  
 
Horror fanatic, Nintendo enthusiast, lister of three things. Also I write screenplays. 

Jewish/Japanese

5'10 " In the end we only regret the chances that we didn't take "

Scuba diver
Tennis  Plans for tonight (in NYC) ??


EN/PL
Don't waste your super like on me
From NYC 
Insta: r2ro.z (   ) 
I'm tall "because that seems to be a thing" Lawyer living in fidi. Say hi 

55 What is the best noodle dish in your opinion? 

In nyc for the month of January! I want to do people like I want to do homework.

Not at all Flautist First 

Only interested in union men. Recently moved here from Boston
Lets hang out! NYC based 

FYI, I made the deans list more times than my six pack  she has SO many opinions! 
nice 4 a New Yorker NOT nice for an Ohioan 
IG: @anabelkras gigi. sore loser. play me. 

almost a catfish 

my old tinder deleted, new one ig
: gaiaayana just trying to live my best life
 One of the 17 Trendiest Restaurants Youll Probably Get Into   This is about an Ethiopian restaurant in the East Village, but maybe also me? 
 
Professional people nerd | Earnest rollerblading enthusiast 

510 Dance Graduate 

Instagram: amy__kathleen Semi-new to New York via Philadelphia. 

Interests include: futurism, French food, and hotel bars. On the right. 
Dont swipe right if: You cant handle sarcasm.
I travel a lot. Try to keep up. 
Ig: kimiii412 Quinnipiac University  Getting my Masters at NYU Wagner. Work at PPFA. Taking a look around, seeing what's out there. ;) New York //  im funny is being a bad driver a deal breaker In NYC til the 10th from Australia! Whats goooood??

I'm a soft, strong, gentle, loud, loving, interested, silly, sexual and ambitious woman whos going places.

I love smoking weed and being creative and lifting weights and having fat chats about the universe and will fill you full of positive vibes if you're ready for this jelly 

Chookas x Chubby and Normal girl 
First time in USA
Here for study 
Lets me know if you wanna talk with a lame accent  5'10"

Just tryin to find someone I can dance with I do not want kids. I'm looking for a sexy Male who knows how to satisfy my needs  my boobies have lots of needs
 Brooklyn, NYC 
53
Passionate about competitive reality tv, art museums, piercings, hot Cheetos, making Spotify playlists, and complaining about my back Yep Yes I did bought the jacket cause it looked good on me , originally from Puerto Rico  but moved to New York. 58 if it matters..

Just one more regular guy here out of 7.7 billion, but I dont disappoint .. nj  nyc  shu alum Staying active. 
Technology. 
Enjoying life.
IG: @diana_dachille Here looking for a travel buddy to  January/ February)
 Live in Williamsburg. Work in Wall Street. Ill take you to the farm where I met the cool sheep in my photo! He likes to take selfies with humans and listen to Baaaa-b Dylan.

Instead of being the Pam to your Jim, Ill be the Phyllis to your Bob Vance, Bob Vance Refrigeration. terrible personality and a face to match. Ironically plays Fortnite (unironically is good at it). Knows way to much about One Direction. Too sarcastic for her own good. You should seriously swipe left A positive and cheerful person
Loves to eat
Enthusiastic about makeup
Likes to watch dramas and shows Gant de l'Allemagne qui adore les langues et qui est  Qubec pour l'hiver.
Fr/En/De/Es Born In Jamaica  | New York City & San Francisco Are Home | Jewish  | Foodie | World Traveler | Avid Reader | Love  
Penn 18
Insta: johnathan.j.kim
Healthcare Consultant

Send me pics of your doggo 

Eng/ 

I like cats and dogs! Please tell me there is good coffee in this country sorry, this is all I got womp womp Dominican-American
Born, and raised in Harlem
Live in Washington Heights
I'm an Assistant Property Manager for a Luxury High Rise
I love my family especially my nephew (who is a Yorkie)
I don't smoke
I don't do drugs
I like Pinot Noir, and Prosecco

I'm using Tinder to chat, date, and possibly more. raving is the best way to catch me 

Paris | archi-ing vie | techno | pan (pan) 

insta : lacantatricechauve Just moved  her from Atlanta. I work in the Technology field

Here for human connections 
Scaling up 
But always starting from a place of love Just moved to the city... lets have some fun  6 feet tall 
Originally from Miami  
I delete this app pretty often so shoot your shot
No hookups   a Dancer/Choreographer, BC 21, Newark NJand a down to earth person HK-London-NYC

Consultant lives in BK, work in FiDi. 

Cut my long hair accidentally and already regret it

54 Hoboken // FiDi
love: brunch, iced coffee, lifting, skiing, lacroix, art, music, dogs, vest szn wow this new LinkedIn update looks kinda weird Trying to live my Kanye best  Idk what  doing
Ig: catie.q_  - swipe right if you can hold a conversation Just a girl look for some pals Hi. I am Spiros. I am from Finland now to New York. Please teach me. Spppppiros. Show me how great you are! I like pizza and traveling. My mom thinks  great.

Snap: crazyman94 Gay adventure seeker and adrenaline junkie. Loves listening to EDM and going to festivals. Tech guy by day, raver by night.

Favorite artists:
- Above & Beyond
- Seven Lions
- Kaskade

Favorite Sports:
 - Skydiving
 - Skiing
 - Table tennis
 - Weightlifting

Favorite Games:
 - Starcraft 2
 - Call of Duty, BO4
 - Halo 5 Nursing student 
Share your music with me if you a real one Full time mom to my pup
Love hot guys but its the ones that make me laugh that have my heart Travel, Create, Indulge 

Sales Manager at The Assemblage
Founder at SpiltMilk Eyewear

Independent Creative Consultant 

 a Travel bug, career focused, fitness junky, family oriented. 

Perhaps a date? Just a girl looking for a guy who is willing to hunt fish an go out on dates! Looking for something serious. Loves all animals! I solve life problems with Toto - Africa and beer

New York for the week  Lets see how this goes. Dont swipe right if you are looking for a fuck buddy,not interested. Brazilian 
Biology Student 
Musical Theater Actor 
Libra  NYC 

6 Originally from Illinois, Graduated from Illinois State University and the University of Edinburgh. New to Brooklyn!

Total nerd! Big fan of comic books, video games, TV, and movies.

I stream video games on Twitch! Find me at twitch.tv/aeoluszk

Also really love beer, whiskey, dogs, politics, hiking, traveling, running and cooking/baking.

If you can talk about Scott Snyder's current run, we will get along well.

IG: aeolus.zk Just moved to Brooklyn from Indianapolis. 
Minimalist. 
ENTJ. 
I speak French. 
I'm 5'8. 

 really allergic to cats. If you have one, swipe left
Terrible at texting, sorry in advance.


Recently quit gaming; left my pc behind with my old life. Rip. 
Don't play fortnite. Don't ask. 
Standard girl gamer support main. Graphic designer that's in love with podcasts, sci-fi, Korean food, and thrifting  New to the NY dating scene after 5 years in Philly. Show me around! I'm always trying to be authentic and grow as a person, and I'm looking for people with similar goals. Give me your best cheesy pick up line. whiskey, espresso and dogs
510 What you see is what you get.  NJB from NYC 
M.S. in Sustainability @ Columbia 
Hiking  Vegan  Photography  Travel
26 countries+ 
Looking for my adventure buddy  Where da platonic relationships at doe
I am more than my mustache! Traveling makes me happy. (Currently in NY)

I do Crossfit and Yoga.

Dogs are welcome! (I probably swipe right if you have a pic of with a dog)

I am  

From Barcelona, living in San Francisco.

YES TO:
-Friends, fun, tea, sports, books, food, movies, hike, dogs, party...

NO TO:
- Drama. I am probably watching Netflix right now, but feel free to message me anyways :)

Upstate NY born and raised

Love reading on the subway, seeing plays and musicals, and recently into running  

TV-obsessed, which applies to a wide diversity of genres, favorites range from Gilmore Girls to HTGAWM to The Amazing Race Romantically inclined. But most likely to choose dogs over men. 

Self-made man and a constant work in progress. Frequent traveller. NYC based business consultant. Cocky. Minds his own business. Always looking for someone in the crowd to take aside and have Wendy's with. Like sound of crashing waves? pillow talks? thunderstorms? when squirrels don't run when you walk by them? We may have something in common. Don't just swipe me, sway me. I shall reciprocate. Hit me up 
Just ask 
Snap: yourfriendeddie

 I talk about chairs too much, and build them too

I like going to comedy shows and art museums and coffee shops. Probably swiped right so I could tell you about the chair in one of your pics

National Treasure is just Inglourious Basterds for kids I never met a carrot I didn't like....except for this one dominican rican 
510 

nyu 2020
kinda bitchy but well-intentioned Thats my cat. His name is Aslan. He loves me, hates pictures. ct | nyc  Coffee-loving Attorney. Enjoy trying new things. Traveling. Wine. Food. The Grinch. Dogs. Clothes. Christmas. 
The grass isnt always greener. And of course let me know if you or a loved-one are injured in an accident  lol.

You be: intellectual & kind-hearted

Instagram: Asearsdotcom 5'7" Hardworking guy with a great career and heart :). Into weightlifting and crossfit. Looking for a relationship. 

5'11 190 Looking at my lips does not mean Ill kiss you lol

 a jokester. I like being alone, going to shows and animals. soho, nyc
south florida 
finance
63 App state Not your everyday crop-cultivating thot

 Actor | Production | Stylist | "Model"
MD  NYC Feb. 2019
Let's Network!!
Non-binary (Use whatever, I'm good for all pronouns)
||
/Saturn/Fire Dominant
No lames, no fakes, no toxic masculinity
What is conversation for 300?
Went to school for Acting & Sociology = I see through B.S.
Don't call me Daddy, I don't have any Issues. Just moan my name 
I love cars, films, the gym, skincare, perfume, history, politics..lots of topics!
If we match, and you a bad bitch, hit me up  My goals:
1. Sweep the Grammys/Billboard with my music
2. Swim with dolphins + Arabian horses
3. Find my prince charming
4.
 insta:@_autumnblaze_

Update: many gentlemen are asking what I'm seeking in my prince:
-old school romance (ex. Sends roses)
-1 good morning+night text per day 
-respectful/caring (to me+others regardless of income/looks)
-calls
-a cuddler
-not overly materialistic
-prioritizes quality time+intimacy
-loves learning
- dating vs casual intimacy 
 Working in NYC/jersey city Not looking for hookups.
I like the ocean
Dog person
You get bonus points if you have iPhone 
I make music. 
Lets have deep conversations about life and find out if the universe wants us to meet.
I also make YouTube videos, check out Hunti 
Chickenz 

ALSO keep your nudes to yourself because I am NOT sending you any Masc guy into sports politics finance and good bars. A travel bud is a major plus. Ultimately looking for something long term - not into hookups. 59

NYC///Stony Brook Not an allergy medicine

Go birds  

Two truths one lie....

My dog has a cats name 
I used to measure people for money
I'm a twin

Can you figure it out? Maybe a little bit too sassy for her height...
Forgets to react sometimes
Hit me up with your best, worst pick-upline 
In NYC until Saturday

Just DM me @jojamila.o
 I am located in Mexico.                                       I am looking for a serious relationship.                     I want to get married. Chicago. 6'4. LTR. 


If you claim one of those flags swipe right.

In New York 01/23 - 01/27. Show me around?  I read things. 

I make clothes. 

I draw them too.

Just a creative human living in the Big Apple Negronis are my favorite
NYC I'm short, like 5'8"

I'm an attorney at a soul-crushing NYC law firm.

My interests are tv, books, movies and aquariums. 

I'm Canadian. Professional model
6 ft - Australian, Hungarian, Chinese 
I love meeting new people, playing xbox, and traveling!

Instagram: misscathaylovas 
Snapchat: cathaypacific Need a buddy within walking distance to hang out with at the wee hours so I dont have to stare at the ceiling thinking a million unfinished thoughts Photography & All arts lover
Music & Movies
Gym goer
Swipe right for more :)

@vichromer   Your future dentist 

IG ldalessandro_ Philly//New York//Oxford

Not loving 90s R&B music is #3 on the Oh No Nos list. - Tom Haverford but also me Is this thing on? Work in AML Compliance in Wall Street. Also a dancer and YouTuber. Recent law school graduate looking for new friends. Work in New York. 5'10". Theres more to life than being really really really ridiculously good looking. 

Pros: I share my food and i take 10 minutes to get ready French  
Living currently in NYC

Insta : @katellgueguen Loyal Pen Pals? Aha'

Snapchat: Lisa Jefe @onlinetrill 
 Love baseball, Music, workout, travel around the world, reading, Movie

Work in IT industry You can try reaching me on insta I might check that more

interested in all things about life, love to be happy and enjoy the little things!

i like to relax, listen to music, light some candles, play video games and watch tv/movies

I'd also like to explore the outdoors 

if you make art and get me to practice, well then  

420 vegan

looking for people to spend time with, i'm open to anything :) Tinder drinking game:
Drink every time someone makes an office reference No  not Hawaiian  
Kent State Fashion Design 
I like dogs a little too much.  (ENFJ)
If you love volcanoes as much as I do,  yours 

Snapchat: peacelovecello. Instagram: paul_corty 








  New York
Working at a law firm 
Would take a tennis/ski/travel partner
5' 7"
Dates Lets have a laugh

*Made this account while drinking cheap champagne at brunch. Swipe right if you can handle occasional basic bitch tendencies - or  at least if you think my mom is hot 



jk US Sailing Team I have a boat and I can sail you around what more do you need I'm too clever for my own good.

Reduce Reuse Recycle Rihanna   along with Known Knowns and Unknown Unknowns

Seattle 12/27 - 12/30 Live in Hells Kitchen. Work in PR, still figuring out the rest. 

Lover of superheroes, books, video games, TV, cooking, exploring, health & fitness and meeting new people. 25
Bushwick
A very fat and happy bisexual
Poly
 Open-minded.
Part-time fitness instructor. 
Live in NYC, born and raised in Miami. 
Taiwanese American. 
510 | 180 lbs. Looking for: 
1. Dogs to play with 
2. Drinks 
3. Travel 
4. Running partners 
5. Dates 

Send me a message ~ Key Lime Hi ~

Say whats up ! Gotta get schwifty. But also gotta get that steak seared. NYC| Manhattan 
Transgender woman
College student studying marketing.
Shy but not at the same time
Not here for anything serious...
Just be polite lol
I like eating, listening to music, and watching YouTube.
Dont be shy say hi lol. Curious about everything  Ask me about the time I almost drowned in a Mexico.

Just a thick girl trying to make it  Looking for a stronger connection than just physical. Long term oriented. Similar interests preferred. 
Latino
Finance Professional
World Traveler - come with me to my next 
Get to know me, I'm a box full of surprises
Interests include:
Dates strongly preferred
Only match if you're actually interested to talk!
Strong communication is 
 IG: loveee_nana Hi this is Shaun looking for LTR. 

Funny , smart , family oriented, independent guy here. Into outdoors , movies, fitness, food, technologies, computers , art , culture , travel . The little spoon :) 

Family and goal directed guys preferred :) the nerdier the better ! 

I am a designer / coder. 

5'7 , 132 lbs, ISTJ, sapiosexual

Speak English and Chinese Brooklyn dog lover, actor, & singer 
A queer dear 
59 
-Hard-working, responsible adult except when killing time on tinder. Hi. My name is Ego r. I can talk about any topic 
Model
I'm 6'3 if that's matters  From nyc
 Things I'd be if I wasn't human:

-Place: top of a mountain
-Music: big band jazz
-Enzyme: DNA helicase so I can unzip your genes  Even on a bad day I'm charming as fuck

Snap and Insta: chrislilley17
Retired NCAA athlete

You look much better in person, than you do in pictures. I almost didnt come tonight. - a first date that didnt get a second date NY

I bet you have no idea how to say my name

 mom

510 so swipe accordingly Lets start a conversation talking about your favorite Marvel character and why theyre your favorite and well go from there.........

Snapchat: bewareofkenny 
Instagram: subzerocruz 

 just a kiwi in new york for a month someone show me the scenes
 FiDi, Italian and Vespa
 First year in town!
Waiting to discover the city with someone!
Hiking, mountain and music, thats me!!
Speak  .......................
On a first date I will carve our initials in a tree. Its the most romantic way to let you know I have a knife.  Retired Vet.
I'm on a path of self growth and discovery.
I don't mean to be shy. 
I enjoy writing, traveling, shooting pool, playing poker and giving back rubs. ;) 
I don't have kids but I'm experienced.  
Hopefully you have a kind heart, don't mind that I smoke weed and love to cuddle. 


 did I fucking liiieeeeeee
^^
you get bonus points if u understand that^^ 

its cozy szn so honestly someone to cuddle with would be sick!!! 
:~) 
Ive lived in Brooklyn my whole life :)

I pretty much only listen to music and re watch the same 3 shows. I like nature, flannels, and silly shirts. 

a Slut for Arizona (the iced tea)
my body little, my soul is heavy.
 56

message me ur favorite artists! I love talking about music.

 @lagoonamatata on insta  *18
Little kid, bustlin city West African, Moroccan, Lebanese. 

Looking for friends, fun, and hopefully a relationship. 

A vast amount of hobbies especially traveling. Internationally and also domestically. I promise  nice. Get to know me. 

 also bad at bios. looking for someone to steal hoodies from Virginia native, new to Downtown Brooklyn. Work in financial markets. Nice guys inquire within.

In an open relationship, so primarily on here for friends or fun.

5'10", 5'11" on a good day. Every inch counts apparently. 22. Live in Manhattan and work in advertising. painfully average looking w a great sense of humor and always down to get drunk.

just need a nye kiss 

venmo: dominiqueds (in case youre just tryna be my sugardaddy). empathic, free spirited, very ADHD 

swiping to pass time. 

lets get out for drinks and then make out by the end NYC  i watch a lot of movies.

Just looking for someone who wants to read in bed or go for a walk Hi! I currently work in downtown Manhattan as a software engineer. I also love to make music in my free time, and I'm working on composing tracks for a small video game that I'm developing. Besides music and games, I'm also passionate about math, computer science, nature, and social justice.

I'm in an open relationship but am mainly looking to make more gay/queer friends to hang out and play video games with. If that sounds good to you, send me a message-- I would love to get to know you!
 NL/FR(+1 )/ENG 
2/1 - 8/1 New York 
Brugge born and raised, lived in BXL, currently Leuven based
Bon vivant 
Lets discover the world 
... Architect / Developer / Adventurer / 61 (er)

Tell me a joke 

(I've probably already left swiped my soulmate, whoops!) Accepting applications for cuddle buddies, travel partners, and drinking pals 

ESFP

Moved to New York from San Francisco originally from Minnesota

I work in corporate retail

Cat dad, dog uncle, human uncle

4.83 Uber rating 

5'8



instagram: @instant.ricky Let's chat for a bit. I love good food and even better company. May we can grab drinks.
Willing to travel
Feel free to add me on insta and follow my builds. From the Bronx  I love tattoos, working out/ staying active, traveling, je parle franais, eu sei portugus tambm, y obviamente s espaol. If youre a Trump supporter, swipe left. If youre not over 510, swipe left. If you have unmanly ass hands, swipe left  Tired of only intelligent guys being into me. Where my idiots at? Tatted 
Gym girl 
Psych major 
Dogs   58, a little heavy. (Bi and really quiet about it). Gamer and recent college grad
 really bad at writing these. Hmu. Fashion geek.5'2".Animal loverI'm here when bored to death or drunk af.SC Evasnaps1 my favourite hobby is looking angry in photos oh god, no. Parks and Rec is better than The Office. There i said it.                                                                                                                                   -SC: the_letch14 62 on a good day. 72 if I jump high enough.

Based in NYC. Travel for work.

IG: jbananas ny East Village baby. 

IG: quinnxcic ill give you an opinion on literally anything. UES Ravenclaw. The bangs are recent. 

Wine educator. Sometimes actor. Lover of all things passion infused. 

Not tan. Not airbrushed. Just hilarious and fun.
Will call you out on your shit. Please be interesting. Bi, cause apparently it matters? 

Scorpio. 

My dog is more important than you, every time. tinder is an arm of the surveillance state  waste my time  NYC
Photo & Casting
@theleochang Carbie girl in a carbie world

Currently bang-in  I speak five languages, I absolutely love tigers, and my biggest passion in life is the Argentinian national football team. I am in this country just visiting, first time here, so would love to meet new people and get to know the place. 

I am from Colombia.  Currently Studying Political Science and Social Communication. 

Handsome billionaire without looks or the money 

Sushi
Travel
Dogs
Design
Singing in the car

July: Rome
August: London
September: More Europe 
October: Manhattan

Photographer (ig: @mbb670)
6'5 A shy CPA just moved to New York and damn like the city. 

Love traveling so much. Been to 15 countries so far.

Looking for the local people to hang out with and have fun together. Swipe right people and lets see where things go. I'm pretty nice. Let's do something silly  ENFP

House Martell (in the books) 
 Always up for an adventure | ENFJ 

Traveling a lot for work & pleasure. NYC based. 

Currently not looking for anything serious. I'm a laid-back, low-maintenance buzzkill with a great sense of humor and no smile muscles. I love reading, breakfast foods and coffee dates, the outdoors, and cartoons. Growing love for MMA and gaming. 

Looking for casual dating, banter, making friends, and getting out of my shell. hey 
just looking for some new friends 
I need practice in English... NJ native living in NYC. Like to travel. Run to balance my love of food. 6x marathoner. Iced coffee drinker in any temperature. Lawyer. 62 
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a cute-cumber


 Me gustaria  conocer amigos aveces me siento solo soy alguin muy introvertido  Let's match and don't talk.


INFJ
@ryanyu Are you a useful person? Can you help me learn something new? Only work related stuff. Bi but my gay ear is pierced, so dont be too confused. 

Big fan of maps, cringey humor, and left politics. Id be down to go dancing (big on house and techno these days) or do some ~urban exploration~ in the Big Apple. 

 in an open relationship kiddies, so dont get any ideas ! Not gonna do the date thing, sorry in advance I may not be smiling in these photos but I smile way too much irl 

I have short hair but wear wigs a lot

Looking for some great friends...maybe more and a good laugh ! 

Send me your fave vine quote, conspiracy theory, pick up line and/or documentary ! 

Queer liberal intersectional feminist

Youtube: cloudscribbles

Oh and fuck trump !  
your neighborhood dog walker

im short   
 //  Looking for someone who makes me laugh, and enjoys a good cuddle session. Tall hairy chested guy here. Fake love in social media gives me nausea!
I love to travel!
Caribbean girl 
NYC  World traveler / women empowerment supporter / dog and cat lover / amateur writer / banker video games, drinks and trying new restaurants

big movie buff - let's catch a movie together

 hell's kitchen Staten Island | FiDi

IG: Jfranxmon 

Chill guy, hit me up if we match to know more Looking to have fun, go on adventures and meet new people!

5'8, Pansexual 
(ENFP or ESFP... still deciding ) In need of a good ice cream place Ill kill you and eat you  in 

Holidays Hmu if we match  NYC born n raised
6' ish
Bi 

Hmu on ig @av.ct slow walkers need not apply!

@cromachi Happy-Go-Lucky Adrenaline Addict kinda guy with unstoppable sense of humor. If you need to know; Batman stole my night job after he won in arms wrestling three times.

World traveler, mostly for work 
I call these home: 

We will go well if you are into:  New to the city
Love coffee, food, and photography

Insta- matt_monterosso NYC/UWS. Retired swimmer , not-so-secret nerd, TV addict , lawyer  self-identified Ravenclaw, puppy aficionado 

Actual quote about me: "Brett is an EXCELLENT wedding date. He is quite the charmer and conversationalist."

Let's get whiskey  /wine /coffee 

Yes, they are both mine (the dogs, since some people seem confused by this) San Diego    Princeton    NYC

Fun-loving across the spectrum. Trashy and pretentious. Vintage wine and Bud Light. Per Se and Chili's.

6'0", ENTP  Hells Kitchen |  FIDI
59 I wanna talk to someone cute too much to say  61

Engineer living in Brooklyn. Always looking for tips on improving my pourover. 


Illinois 12/15 - 12/30 On the lookout for my next ex-boyfriend I sleep with socks on. NYC feminist for equal orgasms 

Add me on Words 2: SaharaD13 

Interests: art, politics, tea, cheese, surreal memes, chest hair, learning

@saharadawne Always traveling, but is home. 
Next Stop: Toronto

 Live in NYC
 Work in Music Licensing 
 Always Traveling
 Never not brunching The only kind of BBQ that counts in Carolina style. Even though Ive lived in NY for 10 years I still say yall. Looking to meet new people, see live bands, dance dance dance, check out local galleries, and in general make some wonderful new connections. 

No strict expectations - lets get weird Frequent napper From the UK living in Australia, exploring the big NYC.

Show me your best

Tell me the bars the good looking guys hang out My dad told me that if I ran a cult things would go very well for me I wanna be the very best
Like no one ever was Lets play a game of pool

@midnightbrunch_ in the end only kindness matters  Living proof that workaholics that like to go out and have fun do exist. I love shopping and weekend getaways. Libert, galit, fraternit, Beyonc

NYC - Princeton
Grad student, architecture, libra, slytherin.
5'8" / 172cm

Instagram: ishikuraaa New to the big apple. Accepting any recommendations on sights/restaurants to visit. Extra points if you leave your corniest pick up line as well with it... Here for the week HMU if youre a big spoon who likes to cuddle
NYC
Ig: wc.putz  Real Estate  Art  Journey  Lakers 

Insta: levin_jared My friends call me Frog, feel free to do the same. 

Durham University Volleyball player

PhD student. 

Moderately nerdy athlete, in the gym everyday- either lifting or training for volleyball. I watch too many movies. 

HP/LOTR
Marvel
Whisky  
Binge watching 

Ive been kind of nomadic for a decade,  looking for a reason to put down some roots somewhere spicy white queer with no sense of identity 

i have problems with standing up straight and im always tired, if that means anything Looking for fun, friends, and maybe more with someone who appreciates fitness, good conversation, and authenticity of self. Got a fancy education, but not a snob about it.  not completely out yet (hence no face pic on my profile), but I will be in the near future. 
Future lawyer . 

Am very happy to share face pics and more body pics once were matched! Aussie, uni student, work in radio, was on a TV Game show (please... just dont ask), ideally looking for something serious but whatever comes.

Always up for grabbing a coffee, drinks or dinner 

I am feeling optimistic and enthusiastic about my dating future. NYC > philly and everywhere in between.

Open to all possibilities but mostly just looking to get pizza with somebody cute  anticlimact

 in nyc for the holidays  Designer. 6'4". Canadian sc: brandonnj21
ig: brandonjcceee 59 | big butt. bigger heart.
Ig: @deesierra_ yerrr
19
leo aries
blacklivesmatter 
lets shmokeee
(i have orange hair now)
i love girls and i like guys Traveler who may end up in your neck of the woods. 

Upcoming trips:
Orlando: January 18-22

Living in NJ, working in NYC for as a software test engineer. 

I enjoy video games, baking, traveling, and not wearing shirts. 

Looking for friends and hopefully something more as well. I like guys that can hold a conversation. I don't like being the only one asking questions. 
I like bath bombs and facial masks but what I really like are Banana Snapples ATL  BOS | MIT 2019 | Mechanical Engineering and Computer Science  

Senior at MIT. I work on autonomous vehicles. Youll probably end up riding in one that Ive worked on.

510 if that matters. 

My thumb is clumsy and that super like was an accident. College student studying baking & pastry arts
Socially Awkward 
Glutton for Sweets 
Alternative Rock/Metal Fan
Anime/game fan 
Cosplayer newbie 
Coffee: Black
Art Lover
Pretty odd small Brooklyn 
Writing. Movie buff, film critic, chef. Upcoming gym rat 
 
 Be original, and live your truth. 


Snap carlhaze97 ***NOT LOOKING FOR AN ORGY***

just three Kansas  girlies visiting the big apple! honestly we just want to make friends and see cool places, so if youre down to show us your favorite spot (or even just give suggestions) swipe right!

in order of the first picture, our names are Adara, Karina, and Maleea Would make an excellent dog mom...just saying

Always down to workout or burn

If youre a little bit of Michael and a little bit of Jim; swipe right Australian

I don't want an average life, i want to have as much fun as humanly possible, take risks, seize opportunities, work hard and live like we mean it. 

I Love to meet new people, have purposeful conversation and make friends with genuine people.

 Hey! I am a session musician and music teacher. I play guitar, piano and double bass. I know all the Kate Bush dances. Happy to chat. Australian in NYC for work till Jan 14  @hayleyrayna Coming all the way here in search of some love hey, im justice (evan is my middle name). i was born and raised in nyc. im passionate about painting, drawing, fashion, and activism. if you have any good r&b playlists with songs from the 90s and early 2000s, that would be greatly appreciated.
ill reply quicker on instagram @just.ice Life is too complicated to not spend it laughing, having wine a being a loving dad to my two daughters. 
62 Interests include french fries, strobe-light dancing, bougie museums, depressing historical fiction, and everything in between.

Last Trip: Brazil
Next Trip: Amsterdam & Italian Islands NYC based graphic designer
@connvh i like art and the food network

IG:  savannahrhardman Follow me on ig @enricojrduran and leave me a msg!  pretty tall
enjoys long romantic walks to the fridge, mmorpg games, presence of doggos, and napping.
NYSH Brockport 2019  I love sushi and dick Lets hangout (?) Living life day by day
I like sports 
Food  
58 
Virgo  
not a skinny mini 
You can let me down like every one else 

You can be my sugar daddy You can leave bruises, you can spank me all you want, but you cant grab my pearls. A human woman new york native | sagittarius | 55
ffo: sad music, cop shows, film photography, and bad art New Yorker in CO for the week ask me anything  not attractive enough to have no bio, and 
yet Ummm  kinda sweet but also bitter :-) 
Animals make me more human 
A chirpy bird 
Kinda weird also tbh 
I only surround myself with kind people If you like pina coladas and getting caught in the rain, if you're not into yoga, if you have half a brain, hit me up  UB Architecture 2020

Coffee and mozzarella sticks are the way to my heart

R&B music all the way

Vine connoisseur Primarily looking to date. Vibe with someone. See where things can go. 

Gamer 
Foodie 
Anime 
Movies  
Hanging out 

Apple User 

Oh, and dreads are my weakness  manhattan > south bend

oh shit this isnt ChristianMingle 

4.9/5 Uber Rating 
4.9/10 in general

probs Meredith from the Office

fuck ur zodiac sign, but also whats ur zodiac sign  Language enthusiast. Introverted. Poly. Not looking to pursue a relationship, but down to have fun. Tell me about yourself. If you have a lot of baggage  not your guy. LTR
@lvcas93
6'1"  horrible writing about myself but I like to have a good conversation! NYC Architectural/urban designer & teacher who rly likes cheesecake

My insta is @kurtstreich if u wanna chit chat on there 23 but FB got it f**ked up

Borough Bred | NYC

6,0 Soho/ Long Island Not an Instagram model i just do cool shit in real life. Looking to geek out with someone and to talk about games and anime with! Looking for a best friend here who also wants to take it slow if you want to be serious! Like a sloth, there's nothing to rush about, haha!

If you're also interested in cosplaying and/or going to conventions, that's even better! I'm trying to be more social, but I'm still extremely shy. I thought this could work out well!

If you're interested, swipe away! :)  60 @dreiding. Nyc based Hairstylist
Hmu for discounted haircuts: IG @orloff_hair 

Here to meet awesome people

  If you're looking for hookup without the possibility to become at least awesome friends please don't message me 
 
Btw I'm Russian 
FAQ:yes, I do have a heavy accent 

Secretly just a raccoon in an expensive human suit  Low maintenance

Love is all I got 

I enjoy smoking outside and walks on the beach

Good driver 

Almost finished college, but I realized it was dumb so I left.

A little illiterate fuck isis 

CT -> SC
csu nursing student 
alpha delta pi I love traveling
press me by your GPA I tend to embarrass myself 

instagram: @flynnstonejohn Hey I don't know what I'm doing here I'm just kind of lonely. I like literature and biking and stuff. Also penguins. 

Hablo espaol, und ein kleiner Deutsche  College graduate 
Nyc Living
 
 picky 
Love food 
Love shopping 
Love traveling where we off to next?
If you have a smart mouth and attitude dont even wast your time 
Social media cleanse to much drama 
Do not try to disrespect me if I never disrespected you 
If you short and  53 how is that gonna work  Body roll better than those inflatable tube men you see around car dealerships.

Reading, video games, cooking, pottery, whiskey, professional cuddler. 

In the words of Trixie Mattel: Snatch the trophy?! Honey,  the trophy  . Hi

I enjoy biking around the city, making faces at babies on the subway, and referencing outdated memes. 


*Be aware, might actually try to talk to you*


He/him/his 

23
 From  and  Latin Asian 
Ig: Fannyzl 
Let's go for a coffee 
Loving sunsets  Intramurals athletic | 61 | NYC  gonna need some time to think this thoroughly through. Thoroughly. come ova bby im making chicken cutlets USA + UAE
Wanna help me commit a felony 
-btw,  actually 18 Former Cenobite of Northern California...

Welcome to the club of matches  tall dark and manic   
Instagram: ariannaleba Hopelessly romantic next-door type of guy
I am proud of what I have achieved and have learnt to love myself
INTP but hey lets go on an actual date
thesnowleo.com  a bit of a film buff.  generally easy going. People that bite right into the KitKat are sociopaths. I have moderate political beliefs, and I enjoy laughter more than anything in the world. i make more facial expressions irl Insta: Lina.cola Looking for fun, fwb, or casual friends.
Open to getting drinks or being homebodies and drinking wine with one of your Spotify playlists, or Apple playlistI dont judge
 55

TS girl. Curious to talk? Message me Too much to say in 500 characters....
Snapchat: lukesilva14
IG: lukesiilva This whole swiping right thing to find Prince Charming is a little exhausting. Patiently waiting for it to be legal to marry an . kombucha is a conspiracy theory Foreign film enthusiast who is always looking to learn something new. 

Demisexual a real down to mars honeybun. 

tallllll boys are necessary!!! Flyers--Eagles--Snowboarding--Chevy--MuscleCars--Country&RockMusic--AlphaSig


Ford? Swipe left 
 Lawyer in New York. Not Paul Ryan.

The perfect date? You drop off two boxes of Girl Scout cookies and leave.

61

IG @fried51 20
Manhattan 
Foodie
Weeb 
Literature, Art, tattoos, gym, Netflix 
Marvel enthusiast 
Puff puff pass
Taking applications for rave bae 
Watch me (maybe) kick your ass in pool 
My friends tell me I'm  emoji
I'm 5'1 but I spend my life in heels
Yes thats my puppy, if he doesn't love you then we cant be friends


Bonus points if you can make me laugh

Ig: turquoise_monkey Profesional e independiente the p is silent at night. sports+music+food= life. . In culinary school. Have my own company in the food industry. pretty rational and easy going. closed minded. jk who says that  v open minded. love fit, confident, open minded guys who are fashionable and play sports and/or music. memorized The Elements Song by Tom Lehrer and all the moons in the solar system. had YouTube 5sec of fame. nyc foodie. Instagram: @hopeeatsnyc Nutella... I'm all about that shit.  I dabble in piano. I'm a student. My hobbies include writing scripts, abandoning scripts and questioning my talent. Like to keep healthy. I suck at small talk. Master at holding my liquor... 

Also I swear I have friends and  not as self absorbed with these selfies ...oh my God... theyre all selfies...thats crazy...

If I super liked you...it was an accident...I was only swiping right but Tinder is incredibly liberal with diagonal swiping. 62 215lb

HMU lets chat. I'm a copy editor for a newspaper and yet I can't spell 'Connecticut' or 'receipt' without auto-correct.

EN(besides Connecticut and receipt)/DE/FR

Looking for friends or something more. Looking for a tennis partner and someone who can spar with me in Jeopardy!  Must be willing to fight to the death over the accidental curly fry. 

Bears, beets, battle star galactica.  Talk nerdy to me.  an artist from Mexico City working in visual effects.

I speak Spanish, English, pretty good German and pretty bad French.

I think everyone has an interesting story to tell. 6'4 / photographer / NYC  my mom said her only fear about having a kid was that it'd be ugly, I'm glad I didn't let her down.
*Its cuffing season, be mine*
capricorn and 56
ig: ciaraaf Part time fashion designer, full time mess
511 garlic bread @taliagodin
LIBRA NY
techno dj
Insta: amandaahaze :)
Soundcloud: amandahaze Swipe right if you like to dance I'm not your average guy.
... because I'm shorter. 

Dad jokes, stupid puns and impractical insights on life are my bread and butter.

poly/partnered/pan

 I like to travel and dress well and  trilingual 
(21 not 23)
& a bag of chipotle chips _()_/ Whats your fave flavor of cheezit??

Pre-Med | CHI - PHL 

Terrible @ fortnite IG- @tim.aaron Visiting from Bogot, Colombia 
Looking for fun and dates.. Let's see what happen.
Traveler 
 probably heard your pickup line already Not the best at describing myself but Scorpio/Sag cusp should tell you everything
 Music:
-Frank Ocean 
-Vampire Weekend
-Chance
-Florence + the Machine
-the xx

TV:
-Bojack
-Rick & Morty
-Game of Thrones
-Always Sunny
-Adventure Time
-Portlandia nyc / nj / 

@thomasmmcnulty My life is basically a romantic comedy, except one of those bizarre indie ones where no one knows what's happening.

Somehow every couple of months I find myself being pat down by the TSA and wonder how it all happened.

- LTR Oriented
- Dogs seem to like me
- New to NYC (be nice please ) Nietzsche and chill?
Super likes are a mistake 59 barefoot because everyone asks. Not only am I a master of suspense, but I Down for coffee and sweets. News junkie. Can talk for hours about inequality, social issues, healthcare technology and  always down to learn new things. Love to workout in my free time. Dislike cold settings,  a summer baby. Love to get back to my roots as often is I can  Brooklyn, NY
instagram.com/chrisschramel exotic midwesterner! from nebraska which is not cold year round, maybe you're thinking of alaska?,, soccer, bicycle, cook, write, paint, alternative health, new chronology, critical thinking, make funny movies, expose the illuminati, don't drink the tap water!

pretttttty much 6 foot minus 3/4

IG kandyboots i have a boyfriend
im here for research purposes but we can b friends if u want  to  Engineer working in Finance. 

Too passionate about movies/TV, pizza and wine. Will take dancing over anything. Professional optimist and goofball 

Master of dad jokes and lover of hiking, reading, astronomy, video games and musical theatre. 

Just a dude tryna live his best life.

6 1 Every swipe right I get brings us closer to world peace and ending childhood hunger. Southern boy turned New Yorker | Columbia University grad student | Lets get tacos  



Btw, dont call me Mike  DC/NYC

Georgetown University 22 
Premed + Economics

Snowboarding  Swimming  Long Walks  Running  Traveling

My last tinder date cooked for me so you better top that I am a small town southern gent still navigating my way through the big apple 6 years later.

Feeding my creative passions is a full-time job which heightens my desire for romance.

I am an earth sign and budding foodie, I like long walks in the park and open to the possibilities of dating.

I love people and culture and always up an adventure.

*If it matters I am a slim 5'8  and about 142 on a good day.  PSU senior in cyber security
 / league / memes are good buzzwords
Derpy doggo in my pic is Oakley looking for someone to have late-night quesadillas with  Huge dork here... Tech and travel are huge turn on.

World traveler, 61k miles this year and still counting... Hells Kitchen now. 
NC born and raised. 

It should be understood that you will always be competing with Britney Spears for my attention. 

Follow me on Instagram so I know its real: TheJoeRoy If you love dogs, youre already halfway there

Insta: jfang14 20

I been fly so long I fell asleep on the fucking plane My brain is 80% office quotes, 15% song lyrics and 5% useful information Lets save all this for a drink/ coffee! I did my graduate thesis on wood anatomy (yep, I know)... then I accidentally created a startup with my roommate...

Life is confusing, pls send memes
 
Puerto Rican and Italian Washington Heights IG: annedewaall 6 natural red

Relationship oriented. Software engineer, pole enthusiast. Grew up on Borneo island. Ambitious, and driven. Into pole fitness, barre, and hot yoga, as well as running outside in the summer. Travel, coffee, films/documentaries, podcasts, reading, meditation, and nature make me happy. If youre interested in a meaningful connection, swipe right and lets grab coffee! I'm fun-sized (5'6" ). Small town girl in a big city 
Wheres the best food in nyc?  just addicted to coffee  Instagram: eileenydwang  
Talk to me about live arts, favorite spots to play Pokmon or a fun research topic. 
Work in higher ed. Brooklyn Heights based. canal street knock off rita ora Eros or Thanatos? Visiting NYC until Jan 3rd Live in NYC on some hippie shit
19 
artist
spiritual 
loves cashews
 Ill do you one better - WHY IS GAMORA? Philly-> New York 
window shopping like the rest of you Looking for my better half!  But willing to make friends along the way. If we can laugh and enjoy some wine we'll get along great.

NJ/NYC. 5 7 Lawyer. Gold Coast. Insta: kieranrachel Breaking bad is not good Rotten Tomato Rating  CF!
Ambitious
Funny
Intellectual

Looking for good food and good vibes
College Grad (Business Management and Communications) 
Working in Hospitality

NYC Born and Raised 
Moving back to NYC this summer

Maybe seeing a movie tonight, maybe you can come?

Always on the move, forever on the rise

 a very open-minded person, dont be shy. Lets chat whatever else happens , happens 

 Open to any possibilities. We'll see where this goes. IG: caleb_zach i cant talk right now, my phone is at 88% Tell me ur zodiac sign 
polisci and journalism major
Scifi and Horror movies are 
Tell me ur fav naruto character
Slytherin house 
 Like to watch movie and musical.

Life is like journey. Travel is my life. 
Food, wine  Live in East Village, lets have a drink. Talk to me in  You take me home to meet your parents. I am dressed conservative, yet slightly slutty. I greet them politely; Your mother has cooked a wonderful dinner. Halfway through, I start unbroken eye contact with you. Your mother asks me if I am ok, but I don't respond. Our eyes are locked in a firey, yet erotic stare. I throw the perfectly cooked turkey & mashed potatoes on to the floor as I sensually crawl towards you. Your parents tell me to get out.  New to the city @stepcos  at my happiest with a dog at my feet and a blunt in my hand Born/raised in Brooklyn. Just say hi  My friends are into arch fossils.

Finance probably somewhere with books and veggies - Please have a good taste in either experimental, indie, jazz, soul, and or punk, music. 

For example, Avicci is trash, Rita Ora is trash, all tear tatted white rappers are trash, most country is trash, and Christian rock will be played when I enter hell. Startup founder & author. Last year I was the lead singer in a band but I think it was just a phase. Sort of southern but not too southern
@austinhalbert tell me a story!! Certified Goth GF

Just a Californian Argentine atheist Jewess looking for the best bagel. Ive never been to Costco and  looking for someone to change that. 
PS. Please go to concerts with me

any nye parties? 

*20* 53 
College Student 
Good Vibes Only
 NJ/NYC
Photographer/Part-time cheap wine connoisseur
Drinks well with others
Proud golden retriever dad i like naps, ramen, photobooths, freshly laundered sheets, and doing a happy dance when i'm about to eat something i'm excited for

if ya can't handle my self-deprecating humor, lame jokes, and indecisiveness then idk but ur truly missing out Swaggaman from peoples republic of Swaggistan trying to live my best life and not appalled by dark humor Midwestern boy living in NYC

62 My Uber rating is 4.96 because there is always room for improvement.

Just a girl trying to get bi  here 2 meet ur dad (18 not 19) NYC - SF 
Senior in HS.
If I swipe right on you, theres a 99% chance I swiped for your dog not you.  @henryloustudio New to this app. Looking to get to know interesting people. More pictures can be found in IG. NYC-based young professional.

510 From NYC. Make music, live in greenpoint, bartend on the LES.

Music: soundcloud.com/see-through Golden Retriever with a side of Scorpio Pros: 
-Medical student so you KNOW she's gonna be making that $$$
-Sings (lets duet )
-Likes to travel 

Cons:  
-very picky (needs a MAN not a boy) 
-always finds a way to connect a statement to a song 
-is actually 5'__
 Thug means never having to say you're sorry. NYC/JC.

Originally from Colombia, but living in the USA 4 years ago, so this is my new home.

Friendly, polite, honest, loyal,...

If you want to know more about me just message me. I prefer have a nice conversation than writing about me. Send feet pics 420 friendly 
Let's grab a drink! NYC

Everyone here went to Iceland? 

Fluent in Danish & Spanish. Spend most of my time listening to music and hanging out with friends. 

allow someone to take u out and show u the world before u get old. that is all. lol 

@bastiangoetz now with light-up heelys

venmo me so I can buy bagels: hannah-wolfield Brooklyn
Orange County, CA

EN/ES/FR 
Bttm bunk I like to laugh and I hate repeating myself. I like to laugh. Here NYC for a good time  . Brooklyn by way of Chicago and Mumbai. 

Good company, beards, late nights, rap, a good drink. Usually in that order, but not always. IG: @jonnycohen_
 Just like you, only... different. 
Real Estate | Finance Coach | Travel Enthusiast I Am

Just your typical gentleman / adventurer. Love traveling and exploring new cities and cultures...

During the week,  a financial consultant. When the weekend rolls around, youll find me hiking, enjoying a beach, or just hanging with Frnd's an American inventor, electronics engineer, and computer programmer who single-handedly developed the 1976 Apple I, the computer that launched Apple.  Columbia 21
Operations Research
MDNYC
Likes: sushi, Chinese food, fishing, kayaking, American horror story, dogs, survivor, tennis, drag race, and walking around nyc . 510. LSU Back in Northampton for a few weeks
I like nature, tv/movies, and hq trivia
ENFP, Aquarius, true neutral
 a classical musician  bet you cant guess what instrument I play :-) You want personality ?
Good I have 4

One is into Videogames (especially Zelda)
One will sarcastically comment on your taste in movies
One is more deep and shit
And the last tries to be a comedian while loving Lady Gaga and Panic! At the disco

But we all hate peas on pizza 

International Student from Austria  I have glasses irl dont get it twisted; my favorite snack IS a jolly rancher. 

Civil liberties, leftism, Latin America, writing, internet, crosswords, and probably gbbo if  being honest if you want my friend in the last pic lemme know and i got you oddball. goofball. cornball. etc. 

skills: not being able to talk to boys, watching soap operas and drinking ginger ale

5ft5in cis male  Relationship Orientied
Chemical Engineering
Like to Dance
Pizza and Sushi I'm an explorer & happy hour enthusiast looking for someone with no baggage, but spontaneously able to pack a bag and see the world

IG: Lar.andreu Cat Dad. Stoner. Beard.

5'4 on good days.

Don't fuck Republicans. its almost aquarius season 
-
recreational usages include, but not limited to: spin, yoga, movies, music, walking
-
@nathanlemburg actor - singer - songwriter

 joaopedromoraes
insta: itsnotjohn

Say hi!:) writer, editor, listener, tea enthusiast, friend to all animals and select humans

let's talk about books or music! heetee
180
weekend thot patrol

aorry boys Husband hunting. I like older.  not into smokers 
P.S.. If youre over 56 you got me hooked already  Looking for coffee or drink dates, friends or a regular fwb, and whatever might grow from that.

 whiskey, art, quiet, water, queer connections, makeup, empathy, ur pets, hiking, Pokmon go, cuddling, being naked, the beach, mario party 7

 recent interests: game of thrones, seeing Coney Island covered in snow, hating winter

 open

 - matthewnicorn
 / KIK - missmeownicorn Hiking, outdoors, & netflix!
If you have a dog i alredy like you!
Not looking for anything serious...
Not on here a lot, you'll have better luck adding my snap!
SC: asshley1919 Insta @NeonBriGuy
Looking for something real. Love to travel, hit up festivals/raves, hang with friends and listen to music(big EDM fan). Midtown based. Easygoing & always moving.
510 - 175 - Muscular - Vers/Top Writer, singer, lets taco bout breakfast tacos. @greg.the.intern Love Moscow Mules and Pina Coladas

Lets grab a drink! Looking for someone to humor my obsession with all black clothing and charcuterie. 

Live Downtown, work in DUMBO
 Hej!
I'm Amanda, 22 years old and comes from the north parts of sweden 
I love adventures and in the winter my absolute favorite thing to do is driving snowmobile

I'm here in New York for a shorter stay
One of my biggest dreams in this life is to go for a ride in a Lamborghini one evening to see the city after dark. Will you be my prince that can make my dream come true? 
But first I have to see if I can fit into one since i'm 178cm tall.. Love walking around the city, staring into aquariums and doodling at cafes. This is my first Minnesota winter so wish me luck! AU pre-vet & equestrian
maryland -> new york
help me slap the bag tell the hot friend conveniently placed in your first photo to hit me up @alekdistefano in school pursuing public relations 
 511 but a giraffe  63 in heels
strong believer of pineapple on pizza, @me
Forever and always eating 
Love museums and galleries,photography, Art, and History nerd 
Trained ballet dancer for 9 years,Trinidadian  
Goal is to find a guy to talk and stay up late watching horror movies eating pho and Korean bbq with aka NOT interested in hookups @veronicashley 4x winner of great british bake off 

McGill 19 INFJ | 57| Slim

I am the worst at small talk on here
Lets just go on a walk instead.

Pretty old fashioned kind of guy, Pan & Demisexual. Google had to help me figure those ones out haha

Ideally looking for a relationship, FWB isnt out of the question but kind of new concept for me. 

Realistically I just want someone to experience life with, good sense of humor, communication, connection. Someone who is driven and excited, is emotionally available and caring.

Got any questions? Just as New to this & to New Jersey
Looking for some fun  Only two weeks before that witch's curse turns me into a fucking cabbage forever
 

Living in Fort Greene, Brooklyn Surfer, musician, tech person, 58 

Open-minded, passionate, intelligent gals and guys looking for city adventures and ethically non monogamous fun, please apply! NYC
Pizza is key
Outside > inside
Music > movies
Macbeth > Hamlet 
Hot > cold
Chicken > waffles
- Debate me? -
IG: bobby_godas a shorty with a dream all 2019 
$XimenaDeLeon
Cash app me with your number so I know its real Ya diggg NYC local working in 5 star hotels. Bilingual. 31, looking forever 21 . 3 trips, 7 countries in 2018. Jordan in Feb. Costa Rica+MX+Cali March. Lived in 3 countries. I go apesh*t at concerts. 

If I Superswiped you, you're a 10. 
Don't be 15 lbs heavier than your photos

Pics 1, 4-6 are recent.  No endless small talk about my day/wknd, 'sup?', etc pls  Put that song into Ytb  LMAO


:,, Trump
:  street art

FOODIES UNITE! 
 Oh hai

Tennis anyone? I'm trying to get back into it. 

Dancer, Production/Tech Crew, movies and lover of all things taco related. 

... its my religion 

Say hi, I dont bite... hard  Brooklyn girl.
Huge foodie, love trying the new weird trendy foods. I work with children but I also have a passion for art. Self taught Ive been painting for 3 years now and I love a moment to just sit and paint. I am Latina so food has also been a huge part of my life and is what brings my family together.

I also have many tattoos so if thats a problem for you sorry not really.

IG @froworks homesick for another world

6'0 Pregunten ;) Ask me ;) NYC by way of Nebraska. Into runs through Central Park, Netflixing my way through Sundays, and Chipotle. out here Just a girl trying to dance her way through life 

Got this app as a joke jus ate lunch Fire sign seeking fire sign fun My name is Tatianna and this is the dreaded about me. 

FUN FACTS:
Anime Lover
Foodie
Outgoing
Hardworking
Educated
Funny
Blunt/Sarcastic 
Love my sleep as much I love my food 
The cutest nerd you will ever meet 

Don't be shy to send a message! I'm a real person with real goals and dreams. So if you see what you like say hello, that's the first step. The next is history.

Snap:Blackswann007
  need a good vibe if youre funny, intellectual and could actually hold a convo them maybe we could get somewhere  add me on insta and sc: @evrisha (for both) Just moved to NY

Travel, cooking, gym, comedy 

I speak: 
5'11" Just want someone to make me feel like an Al Green song Social media strategist. Loves iced coffee, gin & tonics, and thai food. 59. Childrens book editor. Midwestern boy at heart. 

Into reading, anime, 90s teen dramas, foreign language, and whiskey (thats an interest, right?)

Work in SoHo. Live in Harlem. 

Always down to grab a drink.  Passionate, loyal, respectful, fun, adventurous. Always finding interesting things to do or places to eat and drink in the city. Occasionally love to just chill and watch Netflix with a glass of wine at home.  
Love cooking and traveling. Moved here a year ago. Really passionate about food, cars, dogs, and fun. Also love going to drag shows and events. Ask me more.  pretty tall  @novamarija 
Filmmaker ++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
Www.marijanova.com  not a big fan of a monotone life, so looking for someone who doesnt always say, Yes I agree. Lets talk movies, politics and queer culture. Chemistry is key, and so is an adventurous soul for good food and destinations.

I moved here 5 years ago from Vietnam, where communication is rather straight-forward, so yes, be straight-forward! I think smart is absolutely sexy, but kind is even sexier.

Dates preferred. And thatd better come with good sex, too Super confident on the outside, perpetually cringing semi-awkwardly on the inside.

Just your average bullshit-intolerant, too-sarcastic-for-her-own-good, pop-culturally illiterate, workaholic music nerd.

Music Composition major, NYU
Full-time event production freelancer

I never mind grabbing coffee with a cute stranger ;)

I'm a cat mom, go figure Laid back, nerdy, and a little weird
And yes that is my dog, his name is Bear and he loves all the things @mikayla-schohl Venmo me so I know its real Lorde is my gf but looking for a bf Life is only what you make it, so I rather take risks and do what I love. It's like  lost in an ideological leather bar.

John Waters once told me I was a good dancer.

Film watcher, coffee drinker, writer person,  lazy socialist, pasta enthusiast. Looking for critical thinking, caustic humor, unapologetic taste, and a coffee machine. I can sing (Not) Getting Married Today and make a good chicken pot pie. 

What are you reading these days? Aspire to inspire before we expire  The edgiest premed youll meet and the most planned risk-taker.

CMU 21 NYC>PGH 
Russian-speaking Ukrainian, born and raised in NYC Just an njb swiping through tinder Not as stale as my bio seems 
I also smile more than it may seem 
 6'1 I like to read books and mind my own business.



EN | FR | HC 

@thecreoleking Architecture Student 

 probably really bored 

Insta: rotrasyert Looking for my own personal Jon Stewart I appreciate dogs and puns

Add me on Instagram: merhodges Oysters and  steak tartare  dance artist // veg connoisseur 

let's make art 

aquarius



 Lover of wine, Arctic Monkeys, & the occasional 40. Recent graduated Designer, new to NYC. Maybe we can grab a cup of coffee and see what happens. 511 150lb Istanbul-born Bostonian living in NYC

Passionate about photography/traveling Hi  170cm/57kg
Baruch College
boyfriend oriented
I guess no one will chat with me Italian  
Nice girl who can be kind of a big bitch if she wants... if you cant handle my nose ring get the fuck out of here

Looking to be spoiled tbh nyc Hoboken

I like running, biking, dogs and adventures!! 21
Studying biology and chemistry
Ig- davidrafique Bronx raised  NYC RBF managed by greens, free weights, travel, music and ASL  Send me your best memes if you wanna a shot at this  I once saved a dog in the surf They usually call me Matt, but you can call me tonight 
Yes I'm a ginger
I make coffee for a living
Play video games with me :) (League of legends/overwatch/some other stuff)
Snapchat: mattisthebest5 (Ill always reply there) Just giving this a try... 
Lets see what happens.  Need a sexy debate partner 
I cant dance but I wont stop trying 
I do know how to eat tho

Pre-law, Netflix crime documentaries are my shit (if youve see Evil Genius hmu), into music, steak, and peanut butter cups

Ask about how Michael Phelps almost killed me

 Lived in 4 countries the past 5 years, now based in NYC
@ji.won.choi Professional introvert, proficient environmentalist A southern boy who loves pizza  bushwick brooklyn bb 

i have absolutely no clue what my face looks like

-fun stories from a youth spent in the southland
-tales straight from my evangelical education 
-a conversation on writing  


someone reform me Pastry cookcat avid napper
Take me on an adventure? 

I like punk music and dive bars, wandering around nyc and coffee.

Looking for my badass nocturnal chef ala Anthony Bourdain to join me on kitchen adventures shorter in person Grande Pumpkin spice latte with half shot of espresso not 2 , 3 pumps of Chai, with a light splash of coconut milk, warm not hot at 120 degrees, no foam, extra non-fat whip 

Yes I order that. Looking for someone to stand in line for me while I shop at Trader Joes.


57, design, film, gym, diy, gnocchi, comedy, adidas I like eating, running, and running and then eating. Live in Brooklyn! I dislike traveling and I care very little about dogs.

I really like the new electric assist bikes and the Christmas windows at Sachs. 

New York by way of Tennessee and North Carolina. Looking for someone to eat pastries with  dates preferred DC  NYC. Swim, bike, run. Animal lover. Beer drinker. Parks and Rec fanatic. Big DC sports and college basketball fan. Still celebrating the Caps Stanley Cup win.

My hair is short and dark brown now.   as clueless as they come, but  told  cute a lot so does that count? ( the white guy)
Passionate, love to laugh and dont get me started on appletinis wooooo #Dance #Arts #Wellness #Fitness. Living life to the fullest. 
 horror movies|traveling|shopping
theme parks|dancing|bad bunny 

                      Hookups  Snap- zadiebabyy92 Jake/Yaro 

Can you guess my nationality ?

Just doing my own thing. Fitness, Pursuit junkie that also enjoys exploring the city/nature and reading. 

IG: @vakul8 Lets chat! Relatively new to the city and still exploring. Id love to meet new people and see where it goes! I teach, I learn, I read, I game

Tell me the first CD (a-track?) you ever bought. 

Willing to let you lose an argument on where to get the best pizza. nyc 
I wear socks to sleep Aspiring illustrator, pansexual, intersectional. Feminist, 510
Libra
Cancer


Ruin my life.  really three owls in a trench coat. Lets add each other on Snapchat and never interact, but watch each others stories every day. 

SC: jaayydub87
Insta: jubroni_ Chandelier Engineer
Livin in DUMBO (Brooklyn)
Raised on Cape Cod, MA | 510
Art, Engines, Beatboxing, Wo Hop Looking for someone to drink excessively with and make me laugh because lifes too fucking long not to Nolita / 5 11 / @jasonmazzella

I have too many:
 Opinions on the hierarchy of fruits
 Drag Race reaction gifs ready to deploy at a moments notice
 Podcast recommendations

I dont have enough:
 Access to dogs
 Novelty socks! testing how successful these miami pics are. im the one in the red skirt or the orange bikini or the asian. please dance to kaytranada. miami has glaciers. yes. hobbies include making sure my friends get home safe after the club

ig @gunchongy Trying to be someones Princess teach me how to throw knives Venmo me @mayaisanerd

IG @mayaluvvsyou

Lets talk so I know youre not creepy :)))) Peruvian looking to meet new people and make friends in the Big Apple

No pineapple in my pizza, please

@pedroarst, 1.82 m
EN/ES/IT/POR


In NYC til 1/7
 Instagram @ j_frenchwood  bad taste in movies Afros are making a comeback on any other day this might seem strange Colombiana  Lover of books, music, and Harry Potter Looooots of fun, loves art and sleeping, nyc-based,  , in Paris Jan to June no nerds

@cheekyshout God. I follow. 
I am single and slowly but surely Ill be ready to mingle. I am a entrepreneur and I love to annihilate my goals, expand my mental, spiritual, and physical capacity one moment at a time. 
Looking for like minded people. 
I love my Mercedes and I'm now in the Tesla family. I love learning new things... tell me something I didn't know!

Leader | Trailblazer | Loyal-lover Travel, photography, food...thats me.  really good at filling out a profile about myself. So Ill just leave it at that. 

34 and 59 18* 
  ri.p to my pink hair :( back to basic brown thorry 

Relatively chill, music taste is horrific 

Runny yolk & spicy soup > anything else 

TALENTS: 
- choose good places to eat 
- spend ridiculous hours on YouTube 
- talk about my dogs for hours and in my head Ill think youre just as intrigued as I am. 

Insta @p.conz Fun facts:
1. I was voted "dream date" in high school so take that as you will. 
2. Disregard #1 I'm actually really awkward 
3. Marketing is my thing
4. Sometimes I sing
5. David Rose is my spirit animal 
6. I watch Keeping Up With The Kardashians. There. I said it. 

New to the city so be my friend? Maybe? _()_/ 

New York i like dolphins and watermelon

dwight, you ignorant slut. california, finance and hiking
you cant name a better combo  I hate cats, love driving stick and I do Taekwondo. Very English. Studying Printed Textiles at Leeds Arts Uni. 5ft3, love good company, pretty views, most artwork, tasty food and banging music Con artist.  
Trying to calm my fucking life down.
Kendall Jenner took the first picture.
FBI the last two.
IG michelescotti "Hoping for the best, planning for the worst"
An optimistic pessimist
Mechanical Engineer student with a passion for writing. 
Strong opinions about fantasy books/TV shows
Aspiring author 
Brooklyn born and raised
Two guinea pigs, Cocoa and Twix, who I'm willing to die for
They say lifes too short but theyre wrong, its so long! -Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt What do you want to accomplish this year? 

Looking for something deep (an antonym would be shallow, a synonym would be meaningful)

 hope you like dogs 

 Trump supporters. 

 I get it that guys are super flattered if a woman initiates a conversation but if you ask me, shouldnt matter either way. If youve got something to say, then say it! #TheFutureIsInclusive I speak 3 languages: English, Mandarin and French.   
 Caribbean and part Asian. Pretty cool? 

 single so lets mingle!!!  what is real

Insta @LambRabbit please never let me go blond again

p.s. im short. if youre into that. Talk to me about Paul Giamatti


Bi bb  A dude named Ralph asked to be my New Years kiss whilst in an uber pool on New Years. Ralph if youre reading this, pls dont go back to Cali without seeing me again first lol


NYC | NJ Working, traveling, visiting theme parks, binging Netflix and Hulu series. enjoying good food and beer all keep me happily busy these days.  

New to NYC, living and working in Brooklyn.  Any good beer places, restaurants, coffee shops etc welcomed as well as friends and perhaps more.  Say hi if we match You can ask me about myself and Ill be like blah blah blah blah blah, giving you the exact right answer.

Lived in Ecuador, Florida, and other places we can discuss on our first date.

52 mildly interested in keeping you mildly interested Keep that shallow bullshit away from me. NYC. 21. 511. Music Artist. Foodie. Creative. Future Fashion Mogul/Icon .... Interest: Great ConversationsAmazing VibesNights Out on The TownDatesNo HookupsMusicWalks In The ParkMovies in The ParkBike Riding through The CityFree Spirit but Not Odeee FreeCreativeLove short and sweet IG: Obeylydia15, NY 
Whats so hard about being different  all ya niggas is about sex like  not going to try to meet and fuck, wrong female. 
 a sweet heart  but I have a crazy ass attitude  
 pretty chill tho just HMU  I am a high functioning procrastinator... For example, it may be a week - a month before I commit to writing something meaningful/ informative in this space. 

My convo is better than my bio. 
NJ | NY Live in New York, previously in San Francisco.   usually on the move.                                          IG: keithjwashington                                                        

6'2 Musician and sound engineer in bk, also I have the patent to the cowboy emoji, which is how I actually pay my rent. 

See attached: [] 

Feel free to send me one and the associated royalties Pre-Med dog mom
Always down for a double cheeseburger
Probably taller than you
Just in town for the week! Looking for my Nick Young. jersey city

people, puppies, & plants

good vibes only "You're a catch!" -my mom 

 Live in Crown Heights BK Work in the Garment District Artist  Writer Entrepreneur  Concert addict  Yankee fan  Running enthusiast  Dreamer  Looking for friends, dates, and safe fun. I'm a  My idea of a fun night out is going to a museum or gallery hopping  I don't get why people match and then don't talk Looking for someone genuine  best friend/ lover  if we match dont be a stranger  HMU say hi  get to know me  not on here for hook ups  Lawyer by day, Scotch connoisseur by night.  52  Lets watch Berlin Alexanderplatz or read to each other.

P.S. I floss after every meal. nyc/la Security specialist. USMC Veteran. Native American 

Just looking for someone to chill with, nothing serious  No expectations here, just looking to meet cool people and take it from there  If we match that means I actually want to chat with you. Dont let all the shirtless pics fool you, my personality is my best quality. LTR oriented :)

58, 160 lbs
@bwil0007

P!nk fans to the front of the line please  Those Kia Soul commercials with the hampsters dancing to Party Rock Anthem were the last good peices of media ever made and if you disagree that's alright we can be adults about this. Roaming around and figuring it out

Anything outside 

Coffee? Always cheesin  Canadian, human rights lawyer, doctoral candidate. Value intelligent, curious, kind people. Happily partnered, interested in friends. Not on here a ton - 
try me on insta: zachlitner      
Stanford Class of 2017                                           NYC full time, work in finance - much prefer to meet in person  In pursuit of creating the ultimate girl gang Cant think of anything right now, dont want to make this lame... probably wont edit this in the future. Live in LES, Work in FiDi
 
The Venn diagram of things I find funny and reasons I'm going to hell is a circle. 

Pizza and wine are the way to my heart. 

My name is actually LeMari, like calamari

I'm 6'2 ya height queen
/ Back to the dating scene :)

 Greenwich Village
 Jersey City Aussie girl kickin it in NY

barista  Shameless workaholic and occasional alcoholic who wants to travel the world  

Adventure enthusiast who is passionate about skiing, hiking, and enjoying every moment. 

Living in MTL, OTT, and NYC (dont ask)  Dutchie living in New York  A top that doesnt text first Guys: Open to friendship and dating, but not a hook up. 
Girls: Looking specifically for someone to make out with 

I rely heavily on Yelp when  eating out, wearily support the Giants, suffer from a years-worth of wanderlust, love-hate horror films, and love-love animated films. 51 and a moderate amount of fun Music is life. 
Major: Computer Science 
I love to laugh and have fun. 
NFL fan: Broncos i enjoy pictures of dogs, good food and being smoked up. i dont like holding hands tho, never that Pace University 2019
(or at some point in the future)

Just your average degenerate spending too much money on college and concerts. 58 Allergic 
*also asthmatic

I had a popsocket for a day but it fell off my parents wouldnt approve of you My mom said if I get a tinder Id get murdered by some cyber creep, so here I am.

6 and smoke a lot of weed. I'm the human form of the  emoji. Have been described as ridiculously feisty and having 'an Oprah-esque presence'


Fuck hook ups If any of your pictures contain a dog and we end up matching its very likely I didnt swipe right for you

(And no  not the one in the striped shirt, sorry) nyc native 
6'1 
  ENTP
actor  singer  dancer  makeup artist  fake model lol

inquire within :) Confidence is sexy! Healthy body, healthy mind. 6' 2 | 180lbs 

med student, foodie and artist. I'm always traveling   

If you don't look anything like your photos you pay for drinks until you do

Looking for a guy with curves by Michelangelo and a wine cellar if possible

Insta: haashew nyc A fat puerto Rican girl. Die hard yankee fan. An aspiring actress.
 Education + neuroscience + law // NYC Political Science Major.
Into fashion, and law.
Mystery waiting to be solved.  Into BDSM = Become Doctor Study Medicine -> Stole This Off a Meme  Fake 

I Love Memes i live in the subarctic 

likes:
-most dogs
-everything Flannery OConnor 
-Sondheim!
-Steven Universe
-horror movies
-hikes, but actually 

dislikes:
-Milton Friedman
-every fish
-Instagram
-Vox
-mesh shorts
-the horny industrial complex 5'4 and mixed 
Very chill and VERY real
420 enthusiast 
Proud Pet parent 
Not looking for marriage but definitely not looking to just hook up so save your finger energy "swiper no swiping"

Ig: @shmokenmirrors  Love art.
"The only time I set the bar low is when I limbo"-Michael Scott Dunder Mifflin paper company.
Very accurate.
*actually 18  - aaron5starz Dominican
Acting
FDU Hi! 
My name is saara and i am a 22 year old girl from sweden  
Since I am visiting NYC for the first time in my life, 
I want to Explore the city and all it has to offer, maybe you can show me some Nice place to eat dinner, or show me one of the secret bars I've heard so much about 
Never had that perfect romantic kiss 
 Three things that I want: eyes that wont cry, lips that wont lie, and love that wont die cops, military 
were a couple!  bushwick
im on some bullshit but lets get married i study art history and german
im a distance runner and I do crossfit
good fucking luck finding someone who knows more about pc music than me

my insty 
@bowlcut__fantasies 

Help me with the NYT crossword.

Jew.

61.  Brooklyn

  Native New Yorker. Run training at a tech company and own a gay clothing line. Enjoy weekend vacations and eating out (every meal) !

Bad texter so lets meet up!  Just a girl with a big heart looking to shower you in love + affection  dont judge me lmaoo... I like cross stitching and trying to close the elevator door before someone else can get on. I dont like liars or people who say lmao when something wasnt funny. 

I know CPR.

 New to NYC from SF by way of LA. Working in fashion. Dog dad. California Native. Vodka Martinis. Painter. Honest to god nice, normal, fun guy looking for the same Baby somm. 

I get anxious when I dont have my next flight booked. Beijing - Singapore - CO - NYC 
NYU probably roasting you in a group chat right now.  (actually 19) women in stem PhD student in anthropology and documentary filmmaking. Research involves Latinxs in the comics industry.

Puerto Rican. Cat lover. Fan of baking. Here for friends and dates. No hook ups.

When I'm not reading academic texts, I'm reading comic books. Who is your favorite superhero?

If you like D&D, let's be friends. Tell me your class and alignment.

Only swipe right if you're okay with rants against colonialist imperialism.

Espaol / English / Deutsch / Yorb 

INFJ, if you're into that.  im tall and like music and learn about the environment all day long wooooo

just visiting, sorry //: Concert photographer  | FAQ: 1. I take photos for metal bands 2. I cant pick a favorite show 3. If you want to know what shows Ive been too ask for my photography insta, the list is too long :) I dont swipe right on someone that doesnt have a bio - my friend

Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh - me Into art/photography. Fan of Stephen Shore, Saul Leiter, Hopper, Basquiat, Rene Magritte, Bach, Amy Winehouse. 

Looking for something meaningful. Or museum buddies. 

New York based. Traveling if in your city. I use tinder as trip advisor.


If not replying, try dm on Instagram @sugar_absinthe I sing too much and laugh hysterically  a red head that loves to hike and go on adventures! 
Also I put the milk first then cereal Student in NYC. Originally from Singapore. 6'1

Very easy going. 

Love the outdoors, camping, hiking, riding motorcycles, cooking, music, fashion, and anything artistic. I'm pretty adventurous. Love to travel. I grew up in Miami. I hate the cold weather. Love to watch movies, go out to eat, and find new places to explore. Very cute, very witty, very smart 

Pan/Bi New @ this waiting for that james dean daydream
look in your eyes

cn/kr
 We never stop learning and growing. My goal is to grow and learn as much as possible while being happy and content with life. Will you join me? Newish trans woman home for the holidays. Lets grab a drink

Some things I like:
Chastity Belt
The White Stripes
Verhoeven 
Dark Souls 
Dive Bars
Biking
Riffin bits
Chill grey days
Rowdy drunk nights
Meaningful real conversations

Hit me up   dont talk I dont laugh I just :(
bring me to your sisters quince
Change my life tinders weird super secret privacy-breaking AI algorithm lead you to me somehow so you might as well swipe right

extra points if youve read the kingkiller chronicles In relationship. Looking to have fun with my main man by my side. We both work in theater and like having a good time! Venezuelan living in Brooklyn. 

5'10 Mexican  
Love food and travel 
Beers, tequila and taco lover  510 511 :Astoria  : Brooklyn

Attorney at a Non-Profit helping people navigate their cases in Family Court.

LTR Oriented. Open to friends too.

Lets grab . Will cook for you

 Special Victims prosecutor in NYC. Originally from NJ. 6'.  Italian/Polish mix.  Live in Downtown Brooklyn.  Ask whatever you'd like to know!

Hablo un poco de espaol.

5/4-9/18: Dublin, Ireland
6/9-17/18: Poland/Slovakia/Hungary
10/19-21/18: Vermont
1/14-19/19: Havana, Cuba 
Girls just want to have fun and fundamental rights  Tykkn uniikeista keskustelunalotuksista.
ig -> melinameriharju

A finn in New York! Keep me in your phone as Maybe: Ethan

BABY AVEC CASH -Vox Lux (Brady Corbet, 2018) My mom says only dogs like bones 

 Hello but also bonjour bitch =] Art geek with a musical obsession and a passion for people. Hmu if you want to go look at art together and drink coffee.  Creative director for live entertainment, ex-architect, artist and art blogger looking for his other half.  
 In the market for a new years kiss  from Italy
living in Brooklyn

Instagram: alicemiorelli Love 
Love the  and  
 in a srat #KD
Hmu if you wanna hang or get to know me or come to formal with me!  Live in Manhattan. 
Whats on you bucket list for 2019? 

Lets grab a coffee and hit the town.  70% weed 20% wine 10% yoga  Hi, I'm Eric / Brazilian, DJ, living in NY! 
Looking to meet new friends, nice and FUN guys in town. I'm 5'10" 175lbs. Very optimistic and independent. Into strong personality and good sense of humor.
Love yourself and be respectful! I love to meet positive, nice, honest and down-to-earth people. 

Like nature, musicals, exotic places, food and travelling

Hongkonger, Newyorker Just a regular, degular, shmegular boy from Brooklyn.  

Interests: anime, beer(+bellies), whiskey, clothes, cleanliness, bulbasaur and tacos 

Dislikes: incompetence and arrogance Just a cool guy trying to make friends and have a good time. Love to travel and looking for someone who wants to join me on my adventures. Simple. :) I just want to be held momentarily by the trains dispatcher. Hi!  a voice actor/narrator audiobooks/online projects. I also work part time at the 9/11 Museum! Would love to meet other nerdy guys to geek out and make out with! If youve been to Sleep No More more than once, definitely start a chat. 

LTR-oriented.  Open to FWB though!

Likes and Super Likes are very much intended. 
Brazilian grad student.
Talk food to me. 
Ig: lauraatronn From Italy  visiting NY!
Here for a good time,
Not for a long time  Chasing my dreams in NYC 

Instagram: laramilena_ Insta: paloma.m.torres

not a robot 
I do finance
I dont wanna be your wife Into: podcasts, a good bougie bodega beverage, ending mass incarceration, the sea , television as self-care, ethical non-monogamy

Pre-reqs: good communication & boundaries; and feminism.Open to couples and individuals of all genders.  59. Live in Bushwick. Work in advertising. Say hi 

@mitchell_katz Dermatology Resident. Let's talk about travel, dim sum, video games, or horror movies. More photos in Instagram

Languages Spoken:   
  
 
 bees, bikes, cats, coffee, beer 

looking for someone to go to socialist meetings / talk about ideological state apparatuses with A special ed teacher who is struggling her way through grad school. Dominican-Salvi mix. / An AfroLatin Prince
Got that Caribbean sangre
Artist/Student/Nerd/Coffee Plug                             Sooo like. Anime, Video Games, Music, Theatre, etc.  into all that shit. Yeah I speak Spanish. Honestly? Be someone I can dead ass make something big with. Lets Nancy Drew some shit. Investigate a murder. Hack the planet. Build a criminal empire. 
: @xylent.music Personality's a 4, at best, hairs a, 6 on a good day. So guess I'm a 10? History and English literature student//infj   20yrs yungin ..been livin in miami my whole life  ..Cuban/puertorican/Italian ..
Love music its my life n passion 
Cheere/dance/volleyball 
INDEPENDENT..n never broke  Ig : flthkm  Platicar?  conocernos? Me encanta elcine, dar la vuelta conocer lugares nuevos; la playa, museos etc. pero tambin me gusta estar en casa viendo netflix just chillin idk escuchar musica soy cantante pero solo cuando manejo y en la regadera. Platiquemos :)


Chatting ? Dates? I love to go to the movies go out with my friends get drinks go to the beach get to know new places and activities, also i like to stay at home netflix and chill sometimes i read
 You know, if I were to die right now in some sort of fiery explosion due to the carelessness of a friend, well, that would just be okay. Do you ever just lay on the floor with your dog Looking for the person whom if Ive asked them to hold my drink, theyd go ahead and drink it. On holiday  I can deff occupy your time Country girl. Ask 
 In another life I was a Disney villain.
 pretty much a huge nerd. I like museum dates and watching bad movies.  a big fan of cuddling, I wrap around like a vine. My favorite holiday is Halloween.  kind of extra and if I can put glitter on it I will.  a hufflepuff who like sunflowers.
At night I fight crime as a magical girl HellooOoOoO  60% sexy, 30% funny, 20% dumb

I may be tiny, but I sure know how to hog up a bed ~ethereal spirit
 in my conscious growth phase 
looking for a club that feels like the one in the opening scenes of Blade. lmk if u have leads
B my friend or my play friend :-) Barcelona  NYC
@carlesrba architect in brooklyn  the only one who thinks  funny but thats okay because I think  hilarious.

Goddamn it lets go dancing College student ~ Artist~ NY ~Add me on snap ~ dashay3

 funny, sweet, loving, helpful, and bubbly.. tall but not like SO tall

into scary movies, animals, and ugly laughing

falo portugus tambm 

Mirabile Dictu

About Marc 

-can show you around
-will cook for you
-knows a few things but not too many things
-Is happy to sleep

Operatic lyric bass
Draftsperson I like my music like industrial design: modern classical, metal, and electronic. Casual is nice, but condoms are for penises, not personalities. 

Hot to trot and I'm kinky. Left handed, gauche, and hardcore leftist.


Ask me about sunyata. 

Beer, coffee, whiskey
Scientists
Artists
P o l i t i k s
Smiling
Smiling in selfies
Boring rich dudes
Masc guys with narrow definitions of gender norms
(Surrealism)  Can bro out with the boys, Kiki with the gurls, geek out with the nerds, and get thrown out with the trash.

62 
 pls love me
Insta: lilycronin Venezuela Young & Beautiful Fun loving , outspoken , about my money & open minded grad student living in jersey city  
 nicholeum Transgender! In New York for a week ENFJ  QPOC. If you think "All Lives Matter", we're definitely not a match. 

I love to read, I drink too much coffee, and I never say no to tequila. I travel often and like to get lost in big cities. Get to know me!

Friends and foodie dates 

It's pronounced NEH-ree-yuhl Writer/producer. Relatively new to NYC - would love to explore it better. Looking for friends or more. Must have a great sense of humor and not be a serial killer. Will take one or the other in a pinch. Loving Tarantino, Fleetwood Mac and Family Guy is a plus. 

 NY Full time baker 
Love Drinks, movies, food and just enjoying life 

 I'm a never ending story. Now a college grad! Let's go out for a walk sometime and then some drinks  


Love a laugh. 
Enjoyer of ice cream
New York City is 
We need a weed emoji already 

Visiting Seattle for the week. Would love to be shown around. In a wonderful poly relationship...looking for a girl or couple to meet... FS and drama free.. the right man as well may be able to meet us. Don't be rude. 420 friendly... Love nature and love sex! Recommended by 4 out of 5 doctors but what that last dude know anyway  Computer Science and Theater Tech major
Bing 21 



Snapchat: Ryanspark92
420 Friendly 20
College Student 
Employed 
Down to Earth

Big thighs save lives 
Lookin for a vibe  6'3" 
NYC 

Explore the city 
Gym Partner
Good Conversation 
Food 
Dog Lover Were looking for a  
Ig: melis_uh NYC 

IG: samreawilkes I'm bored. I am looking for Ben Wyatt. Looking for a relationship 
 a very sociable 
Me encanta la ciencia , y todo lo que est relacionado con la naturaleza . Soy hondureo  Brooklyn boy, I'm a dancer and pre law student, open minded. Puerto Rican and Trinidadian oh and I love dogs   Nyc native @ 56

Cool people with good vibes!  here! 

Very creative! NYC Fashion Blogger as well. Looking to connect with creative minds and collaborate on Artistic levels :) 

Judge me for my actions and not based off who you think I am!! 

Dont club but down for a good movie, dinner, lounge, bowling etc.... 

Be respectful please! Just a simple guy, made in East Siberia, Russia:) 
Love food, music, dance and travel)
Lets chat? Maybe I can dispel many myths about Russians ; emilylbinder Ex D2 lacrosse player, junior at wcu Princess Nokia said I was handsome so there's that... YOUNG TRANSGENDER WOMAN LOOKING TO CHAT WITH SMART AND OPEN MINDED INDIVIDUALS. NO JUDGMENT HERE!. St. Louis native now in Brooklyn  FYI  a trans woman, so please do not be surprised. Weed+Head=Best combination
I need someone I could give my good loving too  White girl af & conservative/republican (NOT A TRUMP SUPPORTER FFS)

Likes include, but are not limited to: food, netflix, Harry Potter, and drama. Watches NFL like there is no tomorrow

Folds a set of sheets (incl. the fitted sheet) better than your mom and your maid

Also the kind of person who gets drunk alone (before 11pm); and when she is, she says things she should not and gets second degree burns.



Caution 

Eng/fr IG: @allen_m_jones 



 FIRST THINGS FIRST, men seem to have problems with me enjoying my body, so if you have an issue with a bathing suit or gym selfie, swipe left.

NOT part of the stupid hookup culture, looking for something more serious (but good luck here right)
Aspiring model, newly contracted with Smart Models Management 
Heavy equipment operator
Artist
 58 so you just gotta be yall enough where I can wear heels for fancy shit.

Obsessed with tattoosssssss
Follow my insta! @ officiallykylie  "I DON'T KNOW YOU", but I'd like to.

Former jerk open to hanging out or dates. I enjoy photography, movies, all music (punk is the key to my heart), comic books, hiking, working out (yes it can be a hobby), hockey, and winning over your cat.

Instagram: redxny NYC | Marymount Manhattan College
Stage manager 
I like theater, singing, 90s music, and the office I love music, food and a good time.
Dog lover
Ig: jamilah.aniyah 
5'8 
A cute ass big girl  
Soca Junkie 
A Dancer too 
That last photo is a whole mood 
Follow my IG: @_bweeyanna Ig: aayaa_p                                                    
Barely use this tbh.. Dates and friends make memories ! That part in School of Rock when Belarus > Armenia > Ecuador > US. Currently in NYC hey guyyssss 
i don't really know what to put in these things 
but um, i like to sing, i'm a foodie, & i love books. anything else you wanna know, you're just gonna have to find out  pretty tiny 52 to be exact and  actually 21.  the definition of a Scorpio.I dont like mean ppl. Positive vibes only! Memorable.  odd, get to know me.
Mexican  | Healing soul  A chill cat mom, who love books, explore, sand dune and ocean. Alway up for adventure . Looking for long term partner that's goofy w a big heart. looking for something real no games 
I enjoy art, drawing, painting. I love the beach and outdoors. Wanna know more message me I like your beard If you make me laugh you can have my Snapchat

Just trying this out.... 

community health and psychology major

I like animals, walks, writing and music  Ramen and traveling are my loves 
I like Photography  
Chemistry major 
 6'0 
NYC 

Lets be friends! 


: Osar_Yah Insta: MissAlexaRaexo fl | bda | a human bean | virgo I  Beyonc and Pokmon!
Just say hey and we'll see how it goes. 
10/10 if you have a dog I will talk to you 
In all seriousness Ive always known what I wanted. I dont have time for games and I get bored with people that dont know what they want out of life.  not saying you need to be all the way together. Just try. 
SC: kemaryng
IG: kemaryoung Actor, dancer, singer. Love foreign languages and chilling with friends. Currently accepting big spoon applications. A beard may or may not be the way to my heart 

Not a  Eh... no one is consistent.
So  just chilling going with the flow.
Open minded though
Wrestling lover, 420. Loves drinks and sushi.
My family and my friends are my world.
 weird and goofy, a big kid at heart and I love to cook Love Dogs and dancing?
Lets talk . 
From Oki doki island. Guess where that is lol Hi

5'9 Irish//British mutt 

Football, beer and anything spicy is the  to my . 

Proud mommy of a pit mix

Instagram:Christine_hart People call me Michelle but you can call me anytime 

Photographer 
Russian/Jewish  
My dog > your dog

In Israel till Jan 4  From 
Residential Real Estate 
Looking for friends around the  Brooklyn
 Ambivert
Very chill vibe 
Love food ...ALOT 
I have a thing for good music so come correct or not at all 
If you feel trying to reach me here isnt the best thenshoot your shot 
Snap: @iamchris.seaton
Insta: @chris_seaton_NYWK Looking for meaningful connections with other people. But not closed to new situations. IG: b_nayyy muscular athletic 59.  Nothing serious just play. If youre down. If youre into museums art etc. we can talk or just walk around some of them. Pay my tuition and I'll pay you in something else 
(Deleting soon. Whoops.) A skeptic, loves consistency and oversleeping. i like gaming on ps4 

if u like sleeping and watching shows on netflix, then we a match :) 
also ariana grande is queen  Brooklyn
 Real estate
 6
 50%
 50%
 Shall we? Traveler of the world!  
Brooklyn girl                                           
Hockey 
 snapchat: oliviathornton2
instagram: olivia.thornton1
twitter: oliiviathornton big heart,, dont fuck it up 
ps i make a mean drink  Just a guy wandering nyc waiting for his +1 to tag along  Will respond to hello.
61
Looking for new friends. No expectations. 
Lets have some good conversation :)
 My hearts taken but my body is mostly, available  if youre 18 or 19, we should definitely talk  Somewhat new in town                             University of Iowa alum with degrees in Economics and English on the Creative Writing track, with a minor in Theatre. ~playwright~ Someday i will teach your kids but for now I will swallow them dm me on Instagram for much better conversation 
@ig - itslacey420  YOUR LOCAL  HMU  Dont swipe right if youre not gonna take care of me properly   a Queen whos ready to be treated like a King Send $5 for a treat   $empresskialie  cash app  scorpio sun/pisces moon Fraternity guy with a shitty car. New friends and dates in the city.
If you wont plan a time to meet then dont swipe I just wanna talk... New to NYC, trying to meet people

Insta: @stephanieevivino
  Tattoos, anime, video games (PS4/PC/switch), parent to a little devil , kinky cuddle lover, WWE  (if you look like Finn Balor you can own me), lover of all things artistic especially music. Just a tiny bit goth I promise. Let me be your little Anarchist   No hooking up. Respect yourselves and dont spread STDs folks. Are there any actual good people out there?! Are there?! I am 55 and likes to laugh,  so if you get a chuckle out of me Ill probably like you lol anyways dont be a stranger hit me up. Hi  Genesis, 22, mother of a 4 year old beautiful girl, currently in school, majoring in Veterinary Tech, starting a new job as youth worker, looking for friends, I love chicken nuggets, dont be fooled I use extensions to make my hair longer , just recently cut my hair shorter.  goofy af fo sure 

If you trynna smash  NOT with it so keep it pushing.
please dont be boring  sagittarius 
here on vacation from miami 


HAVING A SMOKE SESH TN PULL UP SWIPE RIGHT 

les get crazy juuuheArdddd
lmk some cool places to go
some swipes r just to tell u i think ur cool/cute


ig: @stassiee__ - Gym
- Video Games
- Coffee
Insta: Jerrysimonx Outdoorsy and easy going. I like coffee dates and hikes. An ideal first date would be something fun and spontaneous. Dont take me to the movies my life is dramatic as it is lol. obsessive-compulsive gamer
work in healthcare
mostly looking for new friends
nihilism, smart conversations, dark sense of humor. lets chat snapchat @ taylorfioritooo I just want good convo, nothing more. 

IG: BigBeautyNay - I want followers
 lets go to the beech beech
Future med student rich the kid fucked my mom i microwave butterflies on my spare time KOOL DOWN TO EARTH DUDE
Live in brooklyn, ny
Age : 29
Height: 5'7
Weight: 165
IWORK,I DRIVE, ILIVE
INTERESTED SWIPE RIGHT 
No expectations  mostly friends

Kik : curtisncakezmix 
IG : curtisncakezmix 

- Seem i'm like the only one that talks to my matches
 Dates that leads to something important    
Entrepreneur, Artist, Writer
Brooklyn Born and Bred

Looking to date and settle a bit with someone sweet and with ambitions. 

-Love travel and desserts
-I put the milk before the cereal and  proud of that
-Cheap wine fiend
-Sims 4 is life
-Atheist

Absolutely dealbreakers:
-Smoker (Cigs)
-Trump Supporters
-Being mean to Waiters It won't work out if you are a cat person 

Recently moved to Big Apple 6'1" drinks well with others My name is Kelly,  21 Professional Ballet Dancer
Looking for great people to meet!
Snapchat: trismylips Hmmmm .. very  friendly btw.
Snap: Bravov98 Love to laugh, explore the city, and chill! Looking to chat  or a bit more  Super open minded, so feel free to message me! 

5'7"//110lb//Dark Hair//Hazel Eyes 

English////Learning Espaol, Latine, and 

Don't mind the interests! 
(I'm not 18, don't want to waste your time!) extra extra read all about it I enjoy long walks to the dinner table  Heres to honor, heres to gettin honor, and stayin honor! And if you cant cum in her, come on her!  Easily turned on by clever conversation. Sweetest bitch youll ever meet  A mixture of Sporty Spice and Rachel Green. 

: @ayeayeandrew Snapchat lovely_kiikii What can I say I'm just a down to earth girl 
Snap: if we match  just ask 

Things I love: foood 
Just looking for a goofy guy who can match my goofiness I like Thai food, whiskey, Steinbeck, and sitcoms. 

My hobbies are being sarcastic and going to bed early. 

Bears. Beets. Battlestar Galactica. 

INFP if I superliked you it was probably an accident  Instagram: noelle_simon98 constantly quoting vines and laughing at memes to hide my mental instability and lack of coping skills 
i really love my dog idk Address me as Klareziaah                                                   British & Jamaican, Taurus , cyph, love animals, painting, modeling, open minded, 5'4

Hmu if you watch the Eric Andre show or curb your enthusiasm (or something from adult swim)

Disclaimer- not on here often sorry if i take a while to reply
 
Really on here looking for friends/connections/music suggestions/, wby 
Looking for ppl to shoot with/do something productive If You Into Fashion or tattoos, Wassup, Lets Be Friends !
I Can Never Chose One Hair Color 
Give me good song suggestions :)
I like Asian boys especially  wit tats, and a nose piercing :) hmu if thats you  ct brooklyn// syracuse
im kind of a bitch
sober now
no vanilla squares

*buy me mango pods so i kno its real  Brooklyn college grad

Music lover

6'2"

=)  420 yeeto peteo torpedo with a new tuxedo lined libido aint that neat'o
 
my dog is so fucking weird
INTJ




 Hey :) recently moved back to the US after almost 5 years in Austria. Just checking things out. Always up for meeting new people around here (dates, friends, etc)
 Ok ok ok Kindness and intelligence are better than a six pack, brains and a smile are everything.
Practicing social worker 
sc: rapeme_analymrj  (dont ask why thats my username)
instagram: __ourlast_night 
L[G]BTQ
Warped tour anyone?! ASK AWAY Aspiring Human. Hat enthusiast. 

Lets chat. 23. 5'9

Pretty chill, masc guy here. Into video games, going out for drinks, movies, gym and reading.

I'm into taller (5'9+) chill masculine guys.

 a  (for compatibility)



Snap: mg_official Songwriter/music director working in musical theater, Tufts 2017. Big fan of dogs, pianos, coffee, podcasts, and Prospect Park.

NY | Boston | San Francisco | Edinburgh Proud Latina! Pura Vida! Always up for an adventure. I love to travel! Foodie, Baker, music, art, photography etc. I paint, I lift weights and do fitness classes, and I'm a really good cook (that's what others have told me). I like being affectionate and I like romance. I've been to 9 different countries (some r in the photos). I like cooking dinner for my friends and watching Hulu in my pajamas.

I'm looking for someone who's tall, funny, and gives good back massages. 

I'm a libra and an entj too.
 Swipe right if you use the Random Page link on Wikipedia

Now reading: Fire & Blood

Non-monogamous :) Journalist. Newly blonde. Brooklyn born & raised, Looking for a relationship or just fooling round.  a star wars fan. I love to bike. Instagram- sabrinamacriii I just flexed a backie on ya bitches crackie
Add me on instagram// bad666juju
18 ****
Boricua
If you cant handle a wild bitch swipe left
A hopeless sugar baby
CORNBALLS NOT WELCOMED tell me something I didnt know Love to travel and I will tell all the dogs we pass theyre beautiful.                  JohannesburgChicagoNYC IG @Ke.dia 
Who got the hang out spot?  a fun, loving, and caring person. 
Not looking for sex
Korean. 
Communication is key
Dont talk to me to waste my time. 
I cant handle petty and childish people. 
Please and thank you -I like riding my bike and redecorating my room.

-56, but my license says 54 cause I panicked when I was filling out the form.  blonde.... need I say more i like pineapple on my pizza 
i love wine  
make me laugh 
Also if you cant drink at the bar with me- swipe left.  not interested.  awesome.

Hit me up if youre looking for a woman who likes to take charge. Into guys who are especially earnest and sweet, artists to the front, especially to collaborate. 
57 Jewess. 
Smash the state, dismantle capitalism, and radical love.

I do film (kinda), sex education (kinda), and acting (kinda). Live in South Brooklyn. NYC Local.

Not into dudes who are ashamed of dating trans women. Non-op and happy with it.
Open relationships. Can be romantically but not sexually monogs. -Get me henny and chocolate and some animals to play with and Ill be less mean 
-Make me like you
-Find out what I like  my most useless talent: quoting vine and seinfeld verbatim Nerdy sarcastic asshole with a dadbod looking for dates.

I probably think your pics with snapchat filters are really fucking stupid.  
Anthropology Major 
Brooklyn
#Omo 
24
420 (idc)
IG: ChefTree_Beard

Link yo  Life goals: 1) Open invite to Ina gartens weekly brunch 2) see #1

If you cant disappoint yourself, how in the hell are you going to disappoint someone else, can I get an amen? white trash bitch Future mother of 10 dogs I don't like cake, I'm a pie person. Also my photos are trash because  not photogenic. :)

#verifiedamateur nyc / pa


i love 
if you know you know  need someone to bring to family functions so my grandma can stop trying to set me up with her optometrist. Barely on here add me on instagram ifyoure really interested, IG : fgeee1                                 (I speak French, Creole, English). A 27 year-old Jewish Israeli student, living the American dream.  
I'm passionate, family-oriented and kind. 
A salsa dancer. 
Serial cuddler! 
I just miss being missed by someone. 
Let's explore this city! 
Former Seattleite. 
Favorites: brunch and dogs; preferably at the same time! 
Weaknesses: chocolate and men in suits. 
I WILL make the first move. 
5'9"  Brooklyn NY
Cancer
If we click than you a keeper 
I do speak Spanish and English
From Mexico 
If were a match text me I dont bite  ncc19 to ku21
horses arent the only thing i ride ;) cuz i snowboard too  Instagram: @katelyn_mariah  58 Venezuelan and Jamaican 
Born and Raised in Brooklyn NYC

My ideal match is someone with strong family values, confident, has a contagious sense of humor, loves to travel and is looking to settle down. 20* were invisible - didnt you know?

aus / mtl

tu me parles en franais pour que je peux apprendre 20 Brooklyn insta @simonzsam Born and raised in the city. 
52 and not a huge drinker. 
In the mood to smoke 





Message me first. IG: addieeez no dms Technology is my hobby & work. I'm the relaxed one that likes to smoke (420). My heart is in anything I do...  very in touch with my emotions. Its nice to vibe and connect with people,  thats what brings me here. I moved to Brooklyn a few months ago & have been truly setting the pace for what will be my young adult life crazy how time & life work. 5'1"/ Brooklyn girl/ Guitar for 8 years/ I lift Shoot your shot NJ | WVU 
Insta: xobgubzxo
Crim Major                               

Blondes have all of the fun                    
Need someone to spice things up I DONT LIVE IN VIRGINIA LEAVING LITERALLY SUNDAY. I like dogs, death metal, tattoos, LOTR, and video games.
Architecture, Science and Astro and Nuclear physics. 
Looking for my Patrick Bateman.
No hook ups. 
I like tradition in a sense where the guy makes the first move 
I like my steaks rare.
Stop mentioning my fucking choker, I'm not blind. That's the most dull conversational starter of all time.
Looking for someone to raise cats and dogs with.
Insta: @Orgyofmurder hey! been tryin to meet ya! 

ENTJ. 

Aquarius Capricorn  Taurus

theatre. pizza. naps. beer. live music. books. fleetwood mac. tacos. Lynch. midnight movies. Buffy. post-punk bands. arrested development. talking heads. happy hour. cameras. jasmine masters. tattoos. twin peaks. karaoke. charli xcx. Kubrick. tequila. sarcasm. arcade fire. road trips. records. bjrk. glasses. you? Wanaa smoke? There is nothing I can say. desperately looking for ca in nyc. sends grammatically accurate sexts. Avid mountain hiker, traveler, and dog petter 

Insta  snow_cohn_ I dont have any neighbors so I came on tinder to borrow some sugar. Meesa Jar Jar Binks! Meesa enjoyin long walks on da beach and swimming in da Naboo waters. Meesa just want yousa to be happy! someone teach me how to ride a bike? LBI, NJ Hello world !
First off if I know you I swiped right just for shit and giggles 

Now down to business 
 in Birthright do with that what you will 

Looking for ...
According to my father a husband 

"There is always money in the banana stand" I like anime, Steven universe, and ass. I also like to eat (ass and food yes in that order). Here to make friends but we can talk wild. 
My only lover is the Lord, Deus vult (not really)

I'm very open minded (I mean I eat ass come on)

Wanna play some games or something I dunno man. 

Trying to cuddle and watch netflix or youtube?

Help cure my ligma

Send me wolf or doggo pics

I also love conspiracies and dark humor

Subscribe to PewDiePie
Now Draw your blade and catch this fade. 21 / KH, dark souls, blackpink, capricorn trash, student  Ask me
Ig; 16_sheeennnyyy
Snap : osheenw
 Mommy too a prince Laid back anything want to know just and  not lookin for a hook up so dont ask ! Looking for someone with a cat to cuddle me brooklyn  



I like to smokeee 420 all the way

I like dates ask me out 

Text me and Ill text back Hi 
5ft... that short life 
Native American and Irish  
Nerd 
Denver broncos 
From Texas but go to school in New York.
Just trying to meet some new people, maybe make some friends                                                       Surgical Tech student 
** Not on here for hookups.
Dont be lame. Hold a conversation.. I get bored easily 
Cmon be interesting and make me laugh!! 
I prob wont message you first.
Oh yeah... beards  Dominican girl / Leo  who lives in Brooklyn  49 curvy. I speak both Spanish and English snap chat is best way to communicate so please have it gracias amigos  tell me how u feel ab nipple piercings 

radically tender
artist

non-monog lactose intolerant & afraid of frogs 64
Love Spooning
Beyonc 
Golden Girls 
Nina Simone New to .

Looking for friends, and my Player 2.

Into Art, hiking, video games, music, fitness, tech and computers, and I hold one or two surprises up my sleeve. 

An absolute dork. Love deep, real conversations.

Hate to have my time wasted so be upfront about your intentions towards me. Please and thank you.  NYC is home
Chemistry major
66 here 
Looking for friends/fwb/relationship 
Not into hook ups if you cant carry me home from a party, I dont want you 5'10", queer, double aquarius , generally easy to warm up, but have very low tolerance for hangups about femininity/race/etc 

Mixed, visual and performing artist in bushwick

Easier to reach me on instagram pizza, beer, and dogs i dance and i pretend i can sing LMAO
nashville to new yoooork.
looking for a laugh, maybe a friend, or someone to call babby ;) 
lets fuck shit uppp

feel free to message me on instagram if ya want: @laurencrosslin tell me your best pick up line? - Virgo
- Fashion
- Video Games
- Puzzles
- More of a cat person, sorry
- Microbreweries
- Grimes 
- INFJ
- Recent obsessions: ancient history & astronomy Hi 

No ons  looking for a guy who is really trusting and healthy! You must have both kidneys, non smoker, and not be a big drinker or take any drugs that could damage the liverType O negative blood a plus!  

I'm funny so leave me alone.

New In New York 
 -- Bottom---
 Send MEMES not nudes  i delete this often so message me on instagram
Instagram: vad.m
Snapchat: vadimshakhov
Twitter: v_shkh Just want to take a cutie out  designer // illustrator // creative
IG: @ashleyoliveann Architectural Designer and Photography lover. New to NY  The only reason I want a boyfriend is so that when  singing Fergilicious and its at the part where she says I be up in the gym just workin on my fitness hes my witness I can point to him and hell do the little  wooOOH part because right now I have to do both parts by myself and its stressful because right after the wooOOH part I have to get right back into rapping and the transition is harder than you think lol I won't go apple picking with you Photographer, musician, and a total nerd. Kentuckian! Looking forward to traveling the world, with or without you. You might recognize me from the National Geographic commercial I did when I was 10

Brooklyn 
 511 looking to download someone nice from this computer

this website is making everybody sad Med student 5"10

Scorpio 

Gym junkie
Muay Thai 

I'll beat u at pool  or bowling if your up 4 it Brooklyn.  My son is my world  and he will always come first.Bullshit is to expensive I cannot afford it! If u have major trust issues keep it moving ain't trying to pay for the last bitch mistakes I ain't trying to be captain save a hoe if you broken stay that way away from me.  Show me something different  your lucky if you do end up with me. 
If I took all material matter away could you spark my soul?? If I had no eyes how would you make me see you?? NYC boy which means I walk fast and I love shake shack 

 a photographer > this means instagram worthy pics when we go out 
510  (supposedly that matters ) 
Athlete by day, guy who just wants Netflix and food by night 

Insta - swipe and find out 
Snap - jrcreates Psychiatric mental health 
esu 19 probably taller than you 
hobbies include dog watching and vodka sours 
5'11" 

Brooklyn born and raised// UD 2020 Easy going  
peace love beer Match My Energy   Kinda like pin coladas. Dont really like getting caught in the rain  let's be a modern day clich

treat the environment with respect y'all!!  Haitian Princess 
AMOS: savvy.brownskin
I do not text first  but I will text you back Dont really use Tinder
Better DM me on IG: omina_f Dont waste my time  intramural vb champ Tired of being single 
Leo  
Cuddles are cool  
Sushi lover 
Music lover 
Like shopping  
I work in customer service and  a pharmacy tech 
Bi 
namarcholas  511
jersey 
Brooklyn NY 23||Brooklyn||beach lover||coffee obsessed|| I'm direct and you should be as well. Be silly, be honest, be kind.
-Ralph Waldo Emerson lookin for some fun!  NYC MIA
Insta: @kingmatas

20. Junior @UM studying motion pictures business. 

Actor.Model.Producer 

Lets link grab dinner & drinks
& turn up  Live Large, Think Big!

Friends, dates, connections.... more? Hoping for the best. 

November 30th is my birthday! My name is Faith Rose  Please No Nudes!  52, Guyanese and love to watch Netflix   down for good times and great vibes! 
I love to eat. 
Music Ed.  major!
Psalms 139 queer brooklyn doofus in motion 

 they/them Positive energy only
 Biochemistry major
Rowing  
From NYC but in Waltham for college 
Steph Curry impersonator 
EN/RU
 Brooklyn living, originally from the West
*Keeps the Brita filled at all times Looking for sensible talk, coffee, drive, friends...
 Snapchat for instant replies - alexgozar 
Mumbaikar
traveller   
sapiosexual
 
174 cm, 60 kg No hookups

Stability, reliability, faithfulness

Mountains, trees, cabins, tea, books ayyyy lmao Insta: annalise_marie14 Southern gent. Open to dates and new connections. LTR-oriented. 
German, handball player, drama queen (not in that way, I'm studying it) looking for some nice talks 


Hallo, Ich bin ein auf den Seychellen geborener handballspieler, ich wohne in Berlin aber Ich studiere drama in den Vereinigten Staaten. Mein name ist von meinem geburtsort. Ich suche nach einem guten gesprch, aber wenn sie gute uere und innere eigenschaften haben, knnen sie vielleicht mehr haben. 
Ich lerne auch Englisch, also bevorzuge ich in dieser sprache zu chatten. Misfit? Me too.

Name's Bryan. Proud dog dad. All about blackjack, DIY, horror, metal, motorcycles, Muay Thai, piano, poker, tech, ukulele, and vegetables.

  NJ Bartender | Volleyball Coach | Pittie Momma

Insta: @cworman4 Beep boop bop bop ............

I love car rides  4th year med student just living one day at a time with her pup.

Also looking for new furry friends for my pup. I am a lover of life and the one who gave life;God. Caribbean by blood (Grenadian  )resides in the US. I'm a foodie at heart and loves the artistic things in life . I love to laugh and love making people laugh. After all, life is short right?  -well that's what they say Probaly somewhere eating food, petting an animal or shopping. 
Adventurous and always traveling. Looking to make friends, and try new things in NY. 
If you want to take me out, we should go to the Winter Lantern Festival 
Snapchat: xolydiaxo 
Twitter/instagram: lydiacreevy NYC living
Nationality Dominican Republic  
Instagram selines__
Trying this app out writer 
lover of plants and art history
ig @plant.gal v emotional when watching Kdramas , helpless towards cute floofy animals , lurve dancing , singing , playing the uke , coding , traveling , exploring fuuds , drinking  and having fun!!! 19 and not nasty!! A very nice person.











Yo yo Drummer, might have seen me play maybe ??
They/them
Really into nature, weed, nonfiction, memes, and cats (I have 2!!)
I want to know about the weird hobbies you have that no one else is interested in or the bizarre vid you found on YouTube 
Find me on the web : tongy.biz I'm Arabic looking for someone to go hang out with   Island gyal reppin' 
Believer
Traveller
Entrepreneur
Love Marine Science/ Salt life
Cultural appreciation
Food and Nutrition enthusiast 


Don't bother liking me if you don't have any depth.

 Follow me ONLY if we match 
IG: dvnejvirie 
: @LovePeace_Irie  an artist 
Best way to reach me is Snapchat or ig so add ya boy 
Sc: mark101cool
Ig: mark_and_art Just lookin'
IG: @katiesunrat Puerto Rico is home. New Yorker by choice. Part of the fake news media. My name is not Kenia.
I am friendly 
Not interested in hookups 
Insta @rebecca_caitlin go like some flicks maybe Ill notice you
Dm me if youre looking to shoot NY | Mixed | ? 6ft+ plssss
Shooting shots for 2019.
22+ / not tryna catch a case
find me on insta @sassyqueen.z likes to write and run and crack half funny jokes Dead inside, but well-dressed.

Born in LA, living in NYC, creating some videos with Tinder and Id love to feature you.  Though she be but little, she is fierce.
Not a dog person. I know, I know. Sorry.
Would choose a chill night in over the bar most of the time.  If you dont have goals in life just swipe left

Make me laugh Just checking this tinder thing out  hmu! Also if you gonna swipe right just to unmatch then dont swipe dumb ass! A sweet girl 
Moved to  half year ago
Originally from 
Studied in  for undergraduate
Drawn to people who are smart and kind
Love exploring new places
Foodie and drinker 
Love staying at home as much as going night out
Dog lover 
Swimming  Marketing major at Rutgers Business School 
Fitness & Video Games 

Insta: duhitsrobyn Send me ur best pick up line Love the skin  in 
Video Games
Drinks (Vodka)
Arcades
Scary Movies
Yoga
Anime
LearningCulture/History

 that person who actually is into Long walks no matter the weather, Flowers, Candy, Cuddling Etc.

Lets have fun and enjoy each others company first  I like nice guys who talk a lot, are taller than 57, n eager to msg me first Italian
Lover of dogs and wine Film major   Not a crybaby tho

Looking for friends only tbh. Ironically on a shallow ass website, haha. I aint cute but I damn sure act like it, lol. RBF but I love laughing

If you already know me and swipe right, just know I swiped left and if you want to reach me, you know my FB.




 Sup lads From NYC
Lover of dogs and food
Hmuuu   super friendly theatre major 
cat lover
avid chapstick applier
kazoo beast 
member of over 1000 facebook groups 
brooklyn binch 
can make a fart noise with my eye 
i only speak in vine references Russian, pre-med and sarcastic Smart, classy, intelligent, funny/lame jokes queen, tall dark and beautiful with a pinch of bossy,  a tea spoon of spicy and a whole lot of indecisiveness 

 not much of a drinker but dont need alcohol to hold conversations

Hobby 
Eating 

Things I like to do 
Eat, eat, eat, dont worry I can pay for our meals 

Things you shouldnt do 
Ask me complicated questions like  what do you want to eat or  what do you want to cook 

Side note the answer is always Everything  Editor but thinking of becoming a translator 

My happy place is the sauna at the ymca 

I only become my full self once the weather warms up 

 generally a sloth but take me dancing or for karaoke and youll be in for a surprise  actually an AI robot

@lepinkpanther Lost in the sauce Hey  just moved to New York from London   Recently graduated from university 

Looking to meet new friends as  new to the city  

Not trying to ride anything into the sunset  



IG: heythereitsally  Looking for mates, dates, and your HBO password. Believe in horoscopes but not weird about it.* Want to watch Curb Your Enthusiasm together?

*definitely weird about it Friendly, geeky, sometimes awkward. Nintendo fan. Libra. 5'8". Violinist. Taiwan native and raised in Long Island NY. 

Enjoy friends and movie/food dates. Love traveling and casual hiking adventures. Spontaneous road trips and curry rice are my weaknesses.

Ask me anything! :-) 

  really just preparing for my role on the reboot of The Golden Girls 
ethically non-monogamous 
weirdos swipe right
likely to judge you based on your taste in music
artist but not creating much these days
stoner but staying away from weed for now
wubba lubba dub dub 
I'm a born and bred brooklyn bitch
red pants is my most recent photo
I only superliked you cuz tinder told me to choose between you and 3 others  | NYC | 5'11 Amazon Princess 
Amazingly Awesome 
Lets roam the city, make some memories 

If you don't have a great sense of humor. 
Please go about your way  If you catch me on Tinder mind your business

 just visiting the local graveyard 

ig: samkvy Hey!  I'm mostly doing things related to teaching and education, so if my conversation is about how to get kids excited about electron movement- please excuse me! I'm very serious about the teaching profession, so you'll win me over with much respect for teachers!



 i suck at conversations 
im 57 
swipe right at your own risk 5'2 / 5'3
Sagittarius 

Don't waste my time 

Abs are not important to me 

Tbh i like cars just don't like when people so quick to show off 

Not on here to fuck  19* Cosmetologist in training, soooo let me mess up your hair :) I don't do threesomes, if I wanted to disappoint two people at once I'd talk to my parents. Taking a break from dating right now but if you're down to chill as friends swipe right! Or if I happen to change my mind ha. I like to walk, make art, and read. I'm currently in college and working part time. (And just an FYI for you thirsty mother fuckers by friends I also mean no hookups lol)  queer & I like to read.

ig: twoxtimmy
twitter: watchthehone People say  funny

 a goofy person 

Food is life 

I love French fries 

Vegetarian Life 

"If You Can't Love Yourself How In The Hell Are You 
Gonna Love Somebody Else?" 

If we match say something 

Want a Long term relationship is that hard to ask. Want to go on dates do fun and cute things . If theres anything else you want to know just ask its simple . Not quite sure how I ended up here Call me Rei
21/ IX.VII.XCVII/NYC

Psych Major
Making friends and falling in love 
2 things:
 THICK and if you dont like thick SWIPE LEFT
No  not trying to hook up with you just for fun Grew up in Ohio but currently live in Brooklyn, NY. I love spending time with friends, good books, cooking, traveling, theatre, and getting up to the Catskills as often as possible. 

Bisexual. Makes me a bit uncomfortable if you ask if I prefer men or women. Its not really like that for me but  open to answering questions if you have them. Sexuality isnt so black and white for some and thats okay.

In your first message to me tell me your favorite color. I'm just curious. NYC / Murray hill NYC & CT | Yale Senior | Global Affairs & Education Studies

@kev.lin
Home for winter break Anyone trynna be my sugar daddy?
19* Young professional who lives in Crown Heights. Recently moved here from philly 

Always down for for a good conversation over some drinks! 

59

Looking mainly for friends and dates, LTR oriented. Not lame Good guys finish last.  link in bio

architect from bk ny If youre into 90s r&b, dancehall, or from the Chi  hmu The Rolling Stone raves, "please stop emailing us"

sketchimprovbisexualWellbutrinLamotriginephysics

Here for a fun time, not a long time
Let's get drinks 

Please don't be a murderer TX  NYC | 21 not 23 Have you ever seen something as cute as me in all your life? Dont hit me up if you arent going to take me out on a nice date. No  not going to your house at 1am 


- 1980-1990 music is my jam 
- Love old movies 
- Ice- skating 
- Painting 
- Manhattan (restaurants) 
- memes Name is Xavier. Despite how horrible Fox handles the X-Men films, I still go out to watch them . In school and work. If we match send a message and lets chat. Hamburg Deern in WBN 

New York - Hamburg - Wiesbaden

 IM NOT A SEX OBJECT SO IF THATS YOUR ONLY INTEREST YOU CAN SWIPE LEFT  Recently described by an angry lover as 'an evil Mary Poppins'. Youngest ever member of the Tina Turner International fanclub.

Into food, writing, languages, travel, prolonged bouts of depression and badminton. 20 | ig : ybpxo._ soundcloud.com/sunatirene hey im ci! here, queer, and always (most of the time) full of cheer. intersectional feminist. nerd. tattooed + pierced. makeup artist in the making. just trying to vibe and have a good time (and obviously trying to rhyme). writer. activist. poet. 
hit me up lovelies, i don't bite  Rarely on here so add me on snapchat? wzhu81

Looking for a partner to do everything with.

Just HMU


55 btw creative soul Hang-on,  recalibrating. 

If you know some great coffee spots, lets be friends. Also really into all things music, tv shows and films, lets talk about our favorites!

IG: acesenia
Twitter: acesenia_

 Rice is nothin but really small pasta
Penn State '18 Business Psych Hey guys,

Born in the Midwest. Living between New York and Italy. 

Actor. Theatre. Filmmaker. Screenwriter. That world.

Pretty open. Say hi.

511 145 lbs



Instagram: @tombernardi Age 21 Brooklyn, New York. Looking for a relationship but in no rush. Just wanna get to know someone and see where things go. No sex!!

If we match hit me up, dont like my time being waisted. Consistency is key  Southern boy, loves his mom, deffffinitely a . No racial hangups. Into video games and hot cider. An adorable 5'5". Scruff is cool if you've got it. 

SSDGM Buzzfeed told me my soul food is Mac n Cheese and Ive never felt more seen. Looking for a match to spend some time with and get to know. Lets order food, take a walk or go see a movie. Being lazy at home with Netflix doesnt sound too bad either. 

Do a lot creative things for work and not for work.

From the land of Selena, now resides in BK for 3 yrs now. 

My lens is my art. 59 Living in Brooklyn. Working in Hospitality. Eating everything. 

Looking for someone to ride my bike with. 

Not my dogs, but I will always swipe right for a cute dog/human pic. 

5.9 and  Podcast team at TED.

starting to pronounce the l salmon

sometimes into dumb trendy shit like marathons, cycling, and traveling.

My friends rule my world. i know where i wanna go eat . cried in too many ubers because of celine dion heads up: I have a 2-day-old Toy St. Bernard named Merrick Garland  hes super sweet but super needy & on a strict diet of Loire pt-nat & the important end bits of my horrible roommates Semiotext(e) paperbacks  : ) The second n is nihilism LI NY 51 with some attitude  in an open relationship looking to meet new people to vibe with.  interested in someone who can occupy my time when  bored 

Just a little about me, I love to joke around I have 0 chill but somehow  still a little shy. what do u write in a tinder bio???

let me love u for a sec, maybe change ur life a lil bit rolling stop do i have too many dogs in my profile
62  taller than you. Even without my heels.
That super like was accident.
Swipe left and save me some time:
1. Not into casual sex. Majority of you arent even fuckable. 
2. Support Trump. That alone tells me all I need to know.  my grandma thinks im gay, date me. 

58
 
i posted a boomerang without makeup so people know what to expect 

if you like trump, you can immediately swipe left bet you can't beat me in guitar hero just for fun I  to read webtoon and mangas.
 a foodie and love to try new food 
Badminton is one of my favorite sport as I am an active person Just need glasses to complete my black nerd aesthetic

MFA Playwright @ Hunter College

 - Frank Ocean, HGTV, and the movie Hitch (yep, that one...) honestly...... just buy me a drink New to San Francisco
Vegetarian and Bisexual 
I love writing and all types of music 
Be funny and slightly strange 

People I like: 
-Emilia Fart 
-Phil Swift 
-Yung Gravy 
-Ricky Nelson 
-Sylvester Stallone 
-Austin Post 
etc... 

I love dogs
friendly 

Insta: Sarah7749_b                                           Sarah7749_b New York  NC is forever home
NY is my life 

Studying Business Management
Looking to be future nurse 
Independent & Employed 

Just going with the flow 
 just looking for friends dates etc  
Whatever come my way comes 
Open to dates and relationship 

Follow me on: 
Snap: Tahzing121 
Insta: Tahsin_101 I like creating digital art  
he/they pronouns DFAB
I  listening to new music
Adventures are the best 
Grey-asexual  Non-monogamous                  GW2  Mostly looking for friends
Anime  Cosplay 
All my super likes are accidents ( _`)  50 And a  I have a great sense of humor I love having fun and going out on dates im chubby and a  really sweet cool person everybody gets a different side of me thou I give out the energy  given sooo yea  not looking for jus a hook up btw Scorpio  

looking at my phone searching for a reason to stop looking at my phone



To match and not speak is absurd.



Looking for friends, dates, relationships, or even people to go get a drink with and/or hang with. you have a bike? Just want to be taken out at this point, either by date or by a sniper. I have no preference. New friends are also nice.

57 INTJ to the core and fluent in French if you're a three year old. Also a nerdy introvert that's a homebody but loves rock climbing, gaming and playing the cello. Yes.

Superlike if I see dogs. So  looking up on here for a cuddle buddy. Straight up. Lets go out on a chill date. 

V in between places and things. 
One of the goofiest and most serious ppl youll meet.  
Guess its cuz  a Gemini whatever that means. 

Music: fka twigs, Grimes, coucou Chloe, sophie, bon iver 
TV: Rick & Morty, IASIP, GOT, most animated comedies 
Not at all on top of pop culture references 

Lets see if we vibe. (Like actually looking to cuddle.) Work and live in NY

Interests include cooking, going to parks, pet other people's dogs, exploring new neighborhoods, games (board and video), and trying new food. Plus if you enjoy traveling and road trips!

Just an old soul looking for a likeminded person to cook together, go to picnics, send silly texts that make you smile during work, and binge watch the same tv series. if you see something, say something If you don't know the difference between they're, their and there... don't swipe right.

NYC

sometimes I swipe too fast   Swipe left if you dont want your mom to love me Instagram - nellss_ 

Brooklyn  Ever feel like everything in your life is going exactly the way its supposed to? Me neither. Aspiring electrical engineer, Ricky Gervais fan, Mitski enthusiast, and overall thicc bitch. Hmu with a good line ;)

57, standing on a stool in my last picture  here because I got bored... socialist, pisces, neurotic 

other interests include: bagels, cbs hit series survivor, art history, running, good books & u if ur nice  23 Colombian 
Musician/producer
Snapchat: durtymitten
insta andydashy nyc / beer wings & weed 
 mostly on instagram: ningom Just know in like 5 years Ill be rich 
Insta- nicolerosex3 Feminist, non-smoker, 

Clown funded by Lays foundation,

Life is fun enough to live with all of your teeth showing. 

DM your favorite musical and/or joke. I work ALOT.  not really looking for anything in particular, I know what I want, I smoke big dope , backwoods only, and my choice of therapy is retail. ( oh and  definitely not 27 ) Not interested in casual hookups
- Photography 
- Hiking 
- Pop Punk Music  
- Tacos  
-  Animals  (Future Zoo Veterinarian is the goal) 
- Islanders fan  
- Science Nerd /Knower of Useless information 
- Game of Thrones/ Always Sunny in Philadelphia/ Parks and Recreation/ The Office are just a few of my favorite shows :P

If I super liked you it was probably an accident.
If I know you I will probably swipe right  into pc gaming, business, music, photography, psychology, and philosophy. 

Got an open mind so im down to talk about anything. 

Fun fact:  polyamorous

Smokers make me gag, and not for the good reasons.  Oh, look at me! The millionaire who goes to see doctors! Insta @sabrinamaff


 59 btw... -Teacher to 60 wonderful students             -Proud cat mom  (still love dogs dont worry)
-Masters Student 
-I really suck at bios and if we are being honest this really wasnt my best effort. If I were an enzyme, Id be DNA helicase so I could unzip those genes. 

Looking to hang out, spend time, explore and form a covalent bond with someone.
Ba dum tss. 4 years of studying biochemistry clearly paid off. Swipe right for more corny jokes

Become my last swipe Looking for cool vibes and a friend  If you know who Karl Lagerfeld is and/or watch Game of Thrones, we can definitely be friends. Everyone else starts at a disadvantage. 

I love eating tortilla chips, multitasking while listening to podcasts, and not having to get up to turn off my night light (thanks to Alexa). Possibly Brooklyns chillest herbivore 
Sarcasm + adventurous stuff is the way to go

Humor me
0 tolerance for egoism (among other things)

Pls dont tell me you stay away from politics I'm a Young Professional in Youth Development and Entertainment.
Into Music, Video Games, Bars/Lounges and enjoying life! 

Dates with fun, open and ambitious guys. 

Check out my YouTube Channel! 
https://www.youtube.com/user/joseantonioguerrero Business woman by day  gamer by night 
1 v 1 me in CSGO or any other game 

(Sometimes I forget I have this app) Just your local werking actor back at it Hmmm... I am Libra 
Buddhist 
I love Shameless 
A lot of food urban planning grad student 

architecture / video games / live music / everything bagels / sequins Authenticity, honesty, openness. 

Live music, parks, beaches, walks, drinks, deep talks. 

Looking for friends/dates/partner in crime. Let's talk!  IG: alexaaa_michelle Brooklyn
Snap : itsjoss12 League of Legends discord mira#2018 Providence, RI- NY 6.0
never married 
childfree 
no drama
love to travel (36 countrys)
love to read a lot (cuz brain is sexy, huh?) 
arthouse movies buff 
up to adventure 
live in Brooklyn
IG: @float_for_fun 

 into young guys only. prefer cute, tall, witty, intelligent, charismatic person for spending nice time together. down to short/long relations. 
hookup artist should swipe left. Not a sugar baby, but a carbohydrate caretaker - an intellectual 
Real talk though, Apple should stop improving photo quality bc at this rate, even snap filters wont save me.
This was a dare, also not 19 Emergency room nurse
 the funniest person I know Blame it on the algorithm 

Brooklyn  just here to look at the all the fish in the sea. Love me Live in Brooklyn, work in East Harlem. Swarthmore alum into architecture & urbanism, jazz, bourbon, books, and social justice. If that speaks to you, speak to me.

Bi. If you have questions, just ask. Dance / Sing / Literature / Theater / Modeling

If you care about soul more than anything but are fond of sex at the same time, we might be a good match.

Facebook PageAss and the City 

I wonder what I can do to make you really SEE me, not as an ASIAN, but as a PERSON.

Looking for an East Asian dick model for a photography project, any size and shape. name one unpopular opinion that you have The last pic is me most of the time but I clean up nice promise!! French designer in between Paris and New-York
Travel-addict  A bad bitch is a bad bitch. A striving actor in New York getting no where. I took the path less travel and now  broke bitch. IMA GIRAFFE.  

My nickname is Gillette because  the best a man can get and Ill also cut a bitch. IG: @richocampos
Not interested if you cant hold a conversation 
Recent MIT grad, working for the City of New York and the Mexican Government.
Me: Latino who is passionate about social justice and equality in many aspects, particularly housing and access to urban services.  looking for a LTR but open to friendships with cool people with no fragile masculinity issues (no bros).
You: Have professional and life goals share similar values. Independent   I'm actually 18 lol
I want thrill... I've never been to a party but I want and need too 
I smoke too so yea  and drink living life bc I'm young and free 
My birthday is Nov 28th!!!!!  Sag life
Snap: Babygurllover6 Insta: Babygurllover7 
Text me first please!!!
 Looking for friends 

I love German sheperds and I play league (: hmu and also, Brooklyn>everything
Need to find someone who can eat $1 oysters with me  I grew up in Boston and just finished a job working with the homeless in San Francisco. I like to run, read, listen to podcasts, and explore the city. Ig: samferro1
I fcking love Travis Scott Looking for my next binge series 
If you cannot recommend one, then adopt 46756287657365983265762875624652736 dogs for me Part-time jingle writer. I am a junior in college studying Adolescent Math Education! I am hoping to find someone who will always be there for me no matter what! Loyalty and honesty are two qualities that are very important to me! Let's make art!

Colors/photography/Art/Thinker/Idiot

The mountains are my heaven
Spanish/Portuguese/French/Jokes


hay quienes creen que el destino descansa en las rodillas de los dioses ,pero la verdad es que trabaja como un desafio candente sobre las conciencias de los hombres NY
56

Not as cool as I seem.

I like coffee, like vodka soda even more. My two most visited websites are Netflix and WatchESPN

Also, theater and social justice IG: parmdeol_1
El diablo dentro de una mujer   in , bilingue, Beaux Arts de Paris 
From Brooklyn, NY but have been living in Paris for 3 years.
I do drag and make art.

57/171cm I lost my dildo in Spain, so here we are.

IG: cremijeur Designer from London; moved to Brooklyn via SF and Oakland.

Open relationship. 5'6". after i do you im gonna do your dad NY I just love laughing, good vibes, music, and sweets

SB: If you , drink, not Pro Black, or have no goals let's just not waste either one of our times; lo siento  6'4 live in Brooklyn, work in fashion, coffee addict, Netflix obsessed Visiting  French, 59
New in nyc, love travelling a lot. 
Into dates
I like honest, simple and original guys.
En/fR/es
IG : cedricchristien Girl with goals

Ig: josiejuice_   Locavore and veggie connoisseur
Dual citizen 
Fluent in dog 99.8% of the time I'm not mad, it's just how my face is...RBF=Resting Bro Face. Brace Face 
Easy-going yet easily excitable guy that likes the finer things in life...video games, anime (sort of), books(Harry Potter is life!!!!) food, food and food.

Don't be afraid to say something, that's how conversations start...

 Plz swipe to the left if you married, divorced , having kids or trying to fuck
Only like cute guys

Chinese
Brooklyn, NY  Fairbanks, AK nyc / pre med / flutist

sun / scorpio + sag
moon / Taurus 
rising / gemini I appreciate cheesy pick up haikus. 4 favorite food: milk-steak
favorite hobby: magnets 
likes: ghouls
dislikes: peoples knees Quinnipiac Law 20 

IG: Chrissstinaa_ dancer kid, usually hungry Creative. If you tryna smash, goodbye Brazilian girl living in Brooklyn.
Filmmaker in progress
Lets smoke some weed and drink some coffee

Also looking for someone to go with me to the king princess concert in Brooklyn Brooklyn raised daydreamer with an obsession of Marvel films I like art and animals with short legs. I once asked my mom to describe me in one word and she responded glib I like fun. I like thinking. I am silly. i like long romantic walks to seven eleven for snacks No labels. I just like who I like and I dress how I dress. 

Something casual because work comes first and my schedule is crazy.  down to grab drinks, dinner, coffee, etc. to talk about life, learn about different jobs, hear about your family gossip...
Major plus if youre in audio/television and want to chat about the field with me 

Pittsburgh  Brooklyn Work in science engagement, live in Crown Heights. Here to find out what your favorite Wikipedia article is. 2/24  Pisces
IG:@ imm_sarah__
Real chill and laid back.
Looking for a vibe  or friendship
I'm not into hooking up or one night stands 
So don't ask. 
I'm a little crazy but hey aren't we all? A real life eggo 
Shits and giggles 510 
digital media 
tx born & raised
ltr-oriented

ig: israelgutierrez Find friends and have good convo about w.e is stimulating not looking for a sex partner so swipe left . And soon be a single mom. Dont judge not looking for anything. Well been a mom for a while now so beneficial people and positive vibes and fun on this side also to persue being a massage therapist professional only.thanks say cheese lol  Judge for your self I love the Mets
my glasses are crooked because my ears are crooked Hello :) I fly around for a living. Babysitting adults inside a flying metal tube.  If you love traveling and food, say no more. Haha lover of music, adventuring, tequila & talking about social issues at 3am

show me what  looking for Talk Paddington to me.

Asante sauna squashed banana. Looking for spicy food and spicy conversation. 

411 so  probably taller than your dog

Williams College 21
INTJ Wanderer
Adventurer 
Dancer
Just doing my best honestly 





First of all, my parents live in Ohio. I live in the moment"

Super likes are an accident. Ill swipe right if I know you ;) Graduated with a B.A at 21 and have years working in my career (L.E.O.) Not writing much, get to know me im a nice, humble, honest, and funny guy. Love eating, working, working out, drinking and watching movies. Swipe right  Writer, journalist podcast maker, amateur chef, lover of old movies and fancy restaurants.

Double cancer with an aries riding so I cry a lot but, like, you know, with fire. BBW sugar baby. Interested? Message me.  Recent arts management grad looking for someone to watch bad movies with. Love the theatre, movies, and award show trivia. Southern boy. Constantly trying to figure out how to quantify the mysterious and powerful forces at work inside a Waffle House. I saw Hello, Dolly! 15 times. 

Super likes are all accidental. Rendez les choses intressantes.

Favorite subjects include music & mountains. designer and over-enthusiastic 6 Aries Sun/Rising/Mercury
Pisces Moon/Venus/Mars

IG: j_bouey
Snap: jdance4192 taurus bb looking for friends & kisses Am from Arusha TANZANIA 
I don't know what am looking for..?
This is Date App..
Looking for something special
Am free minded..
Let's know each other...
Thanks for checking me up ..
Happy new year.. Civil Engineer 2020

Guess what, I have flaws. What are they? Oh, I don't know. I sing in the shower. Sometimes I spend too much time volunteering. Occasionally I'll hit somebody with my car. So sue me... No, don't sue me. That is the opposite of the point that I'm trying to make. I do actually love singing in the shower though.
P.S. I've made it to barstoolnova top 10 2 years in a row and I've been on 5th year twice Human person About to have a great time.  Your welcome to join Columbia University BA 17, MA 18. Statistician and Data Scientist working in gaming !Diversity Science and Demography Researcher. Are you a feminist? Black Lives Matter. Aspiring scientist . I love to travel, try new foods, read comic books, and exercise. Say hi! I'm positive person 
Painter and artist 
Rollerblader 
Like sports and adventures 
Looking for my match  Taurus  Jamaican  / Indian  
Lets stop by starbucks 
Btw im only 57  I know short right.
~ Maybe im vegan , maybe im not 
IG: Reik_nyc Live, love, laugh  Snappin necks and cashin checks. Literally, bcuz  a (future) chiropractor
AMP training  Ig @manuelruizesparza Ig: Lmallox0                                                                   Snap: Lorenzax0 
Twitter: Lorenzax0 Native of NYC (Brooklyn to be exact) so Ive got plenty of city-class and city-sass.  

Straightforward and honest, with a dry sense of humor.

Hoping for a New Years eve kiss  NYC
Instagram: xoashleyy1297 Fuck me up with a good question

...or a cool fact ig: sean_1030

"I like long walks on the beach, big dicks, and fried chicken"- Jujubee Queen B of East New York
Race:Dominican/ Honduran 
Raised in East NY Brooklyn from the hood
Surgical Technologist 
Looking for someone to teach me how to invest I prefer a man to teach me how to make money. Money is a turn on not a gold digger just want my own empire. A woman like me knows how to turn nothing into something 
Looking for someone who enjoys watching Shameless 
Single mom
Workaholic 
Looking for like minded people with ambition like me.

 IG: Elishevastar0712 
Snapchat: lunastar93
 insta: jordannswansonn I like to  travel with my friends and family,   I like reading corny romance novels and coming  of age books (Knights  of Hill Country is one of my favorites.) Go ahead, ask me anything 

Pretty chill & a lil bit sassy sometimes 
Brooklyn gal whos not quite straight 

A sucker for an animated movie, usually Disney Brooklyn
Poet & actor 
Feminist as Fuck
Young and Sober 
Proud Pagan 
Libra Pisces Scorpio  
ENFP 
Slytherin represent 
Grab my ass and feed me tacos 
A very lazy extrovert who needs to leave her house. 

I'm all about punching fascists, destroying the bourgeois, and smashing the patriarchy. 

I want someone who looks like they can fight off wolves but also give the best snuggles. 
Low-key seeking an actual Viking to call Daddy.

 Pretty open and easygoing guy. Easy and fun to talk to. I sometimes come off as flirtatious but I swear its not intentional   Law student living in Brooklyn.  a lover of running, boxing, and cooking. I drink well with others and Id consider myself an espresso enthusiast (a.k.a., I have a caffeine addiction). Probably would chat politics on a first date and I have a 5.00 passenger rating. Actor from Brooklyn  Fashion Writer + Market Editor
 Georgia boy living in Brooklyn
 History buff (love a period drama)

 Cooking & sharing food
Eating for my food baby
 Reading magazines 
 Drinking more than I should 
 Watching Ab Fab, crime shows, and disconcerting documentaries  Ur mom NYC native with a west coast mindset

Gennie, like from the block Insta rosaaks_ 
Tennis player :)  petting dogs and taking names.

Also trying to find the best poutine in the city!

I probably swiped right cause you have a dog or a 70's pornstache and if you dont have either, I probably thought a thing you were doing in ya pic was cute.

www.chidiamadiume.com  creative  beer aficionado  511. Airplanes, coffee, Harry Potter & Cline Dion.

Hopeless romantic. 

IG: rubrock As the great Jill Scott once said,  living my life like its golden!

Chill guy who likes to laugh & hang out. Just looking to meet people!  buy me mint pods & well work  IG: nandi_marie please respond IG: Dreyna_
SC: Dreynalove Always trying to live my best life  American in Thailand.

I'm an internet entrepreneur and aspiring fiction author looking for someone to nomad with me around the world. I enjoy PC gaming, long conversations on society and politics, and spontaneous travel. I enjoy a nice cup of Kava Kava on obscure islands and drowning out my deep inner unresolved anxiety issues to overly happy music like Passion Pit, Matt & Kim, Mika, Geographer.

I hate the cold, 9 - 5, low quality pizza. decent at photography, terrible at selfies Bread baking, beer brewing, Cat Dad.

Publishing professional, Trivia Host.

Delightful date? Movies buff I probably watch every movie on Netflix send me a song...make it good looking for someone to climb pyramids with the green dragon is named geouffrey & he can fly very fast I'm a 5 ft. Harry Potter fan, swimmer, pianist, writer, and a lover of Kpop, movies and TV shows.
*looking for friends and/or long term relationship* Looking for someone to get to know who has a good personality and isnt uninteresting. Looking to actually date and meet people in real life. Dont match me if youre not looking to do the same.  (Not into random hookups). Not on here much so My Snapchat is H_jackxoxo if you wanna add me! Saying something witty will give me more of a initiative to message back or if you have a cute dog
Insta: shannon_mccauley  No me importa
So sweet Ill give you diabetes 
Ig: @i.dayyy
(If you dont mind a little extra fat  here ) NC native. Taurus. Artist. 6'1"  

I'm goofy af, so if you don't have a sense of humor. I don't think we can work.

 if it comes to that NYC
  64ft I like dogs a whole bunch  I sell edibles so hmu if you need some  
Follow me on ig I guess 
62. I was on here before and  back again. Just bored tbh. 5'3 & 3/4 
Bajan 
DSU '18 Alumni 
B.S Psychology
Good conversations are a must. Nothing but chill vibes.

Snap: hisonlychoice Heady intellectual, closet romantic, verbal processer. More LTR oriented

My dream day is a heady conversation on a hike followed by a few beers and goofing off

5 11 grad student in art history // double scorpio @jenna_yatess Looking for big dicks

Dm @valladares1van Lets just skip the small talk that never leads to anything and go out on a date so ask me out so I know its real 

Living in Brooklyn. 

25. 60
Clinical Research Assistant
Aspiring doctor.
Beyonc Stan.

Snapchat/Instagram: airjordan331

I'm actually really bad at these things, so just message me if you want to talk more. Also, please let's have an actual dialogue. There's nothing more off putting than being the only person working to get to know the other. Jamaican 
Scorpio 
LOVE memes
Very shy person Likes: 

Describe yr bookshelf  Just looking for a guy who loves migos more than I do

Tattoos and piercings r sexi IG @ jackiesokolx33 designer / illustrator
ENFP - Pisces 

IG - saulemilioo I'm a motion designer who's a fan of goofy tv shows and trying new things.

I love delicious food, being outside, weightlifting, and plants. Introduce yourself with a picture First ... More Dates  Less Hookups -  ( Bttm Bunk if it goes there ) Handsome guy, 62 who Loves to travel and enjoy life ;  Looking for More than Just Sex. Masculine men are preferred. My main focus is to build a relationship and get to know someone in every way possible. (Flaws & All)

Lets Make This A Year To Remember 
2019 

-Not sure what I should write here but... 

I'M NOT A BIG FAN OF LATE REPLY. AT LEAST SHOW ME SOME KIND OF INTEREST!!! 

I'm a 5'11 guy which never found reciprocal love that loves pets, travel, meet people, laugh, eat, watch movies/musicals/reality shows, creat memories and live. Sometimes I'm very lazy and I just want to sleep, that explain why I'm out of shape.

I speak almost 5 languages.  
Brazilian in New York
IG - @Willyan.luiz berlin till 2/12

Live in NYC, travel a lot, writer of fiction and art criticism, editor of a magazine. I change my hair a lot  Ig: Ms.mimixo Versatility at its finest. 
Here for a good time not a long time. Respect is mandatory. Here for friends but  always down for more fun if the energy permits.

Lets make art, music, smoke, hit museums, take fire photos & eat good. Make more art.

Sun & moon in Virgo. Rising Sagittarius. 

Ultimately  here to shoot with photographers, filmmakers & videographers for modeling and acting. Hit me on IG - @KaviarSundays  shy  Not looking for anything in particular, I'm curious to see what comes my way. I don't have kids, 5'11 

Snap - moonlovevibes
IG - jcruz.jcruz
 I like ghosts and soup  Brooklyn born and raised.  an artist using paint and a musician. I love coffee and sitting on stoops, riding the train just to ride the train. I love sitting in green areas and talking for a while.

New York is my favorite place and I would love to meet people to go out and about with, to be social and connect with.

I dont drink or do drugs, even casually.  sober but not on a high but  not in a high horse.

A link to my art and writing.

http://edwardatlas.com hey friend 
San Diego Instagram : Brianna_inez

Not interested in fucking you. dont check this much follow me on the gram @haleyaigeldinger ! 22 french expat living in Brooklyn. Majoring in corporate communications open to whatever comes my way, Taking it easy day by day. Single cat mom looking for same 

NYC native  cancer  working in film

Queer tattoo artist living in Brooklyn

@very_skillful_tattoos
@jewish_jed_i getting an mfa in fiction writing / smokin bowls & buying books / forgetting to water my orchid bc  a bad flower mami 


non monog / pan / trans / got a puss last summer One hell of a guy.           Outstanding gentleman.
           -New York Times.                 -Washington Post

          I wish I could be more like him.
                    -The Most Interesting Man in The World

Youd be crazy not to swipe right.
                     -Miss New York

Hes my phones background.        My hero.
                          -Mom.                             -Spider-Man Sc alexistiller3 I majored in Art History in undergrad and  currently studying Interior Design at Pratt. Essentially,  always down to go to a museum. Bartender hii, my name is kim for short. i like skateboarding,roller coasters,animals,and james charles.  actually 20! hmu if you want to be friends or enemies. farmer faggot cancer baby

t4t 

non monog I bet that  more awkward than you are.

Not very tall, eats everything, reads a bit too much 

Painfully shy  _()_/  4 casual dates & fwb. non-monogamy only. 

Feel free to unmatch if you dont want to meet. Seriously. 

58 / talk to me about sour beer / cocteau twins / disco / your fave new Gatorade flavor /
slytherin & scorpio (if it gets to that)

Have a class/race analysis plz 

Always  4 fellow disco/house heads   not good at these about me sections .           20 . 54. Dominican.  Can 100% quote more vines than you.
Umich Neuro Pre-Med 
Nyc  Described as a charming dick by friends 

You and I could be soup snakes...

Odds are I can out-nerd you

Once a teacher, now a retailer, soon an editor

Want someone who can harmonize in the shower 411  I love to read, write, dance, and watch anime. im not here to fuck so if you are keep it pushing. Also if you not going to respond then why match?

ig: ceeyounextuesday insta: tarapayne_ Not as serious as I look,  quite a doof 

Talk to me about chocolate shakes, environmental issues, reality TV and anything else that you have  I'm man enough to admit that I have feelings. Please respect them. Instagram:_lexiii01
Snapchat: lexiii_001
Brooklyn 
MSMC'19
Criminology major
Future cop 
Rangers,Jets and Mets fan
Italian/Sicilian  Anyone looking to collab - Music-Film/Vlogging-Photography HMU. Social Media Marketing Manager/Singer
@alexajasminea  a photographer, do love art, good music, open people and atmosphere places. Looking for relationship If you have similar tastes, let get in touch!)  | NO HOOKUPS  | Why be eye candy , when I can be your soul food  :Shniquee.lingg Add me on snap: Tasiababieee 
follow my insta: Spiffy_thou
looking for a vibe
 carol r u out there

looking to have hot sex through these cold months
maybe we last through the spring maybe we dont but we keep each other warm and cared for before going extinct 

xoxo Guyanese
Engineer
Finance 
TuskegeeUAlumna  always nice to dogs and waiters In the process of living. Lets build something together. 

Music, photography, books (currently reading Body Awareness as Healing Therapy by Mosh Feldenkrais), dayhiking, food and drink

I dont get to museums enough. Lets go to one!

64 usually, 65 on a good day Just your average college kid
Send me good memes Single creative professional. Coffee, travel and great food are a start. Tech and fashion are my interests. Horror movies and drinks and local bars are great as well. Laid back, calm personality into the same. Smart and caring, intellectual type with a fun side.

Interested in fun long term opportunities with someone with similar interest. Family oriented!  most likely 3/4 the way through a Dominos pizza and not slowing down anytime soon. 

I work in advertising and love it. I look mad in most of my photos,  not.  52 
39 on my knees

For my Snapchat venmo: Alexandra-Bonardi
Buy my stuff off poshmark for your girlfriends Dates//fun

I like good food and good wine, which naturally lead to a good time.

5'10" I like dinosaurs and crafting and dancing and movies and ferns and camping and hiking and screaming and birds and so many other things!
Just your basic long walks on the beach, hot showers, and in-depth analytical discussion kind of person

 in a polyamorous relationship and seeking a second partner

They/Them/Their... not 'man'

Recent grad from UCSC studying comparative osteology and theater tech (Gayleontologist)

BTW I'm also a bit of a photographer so check out my Instagram... I know, ew West coast native. Litigation attorney. Trans woman, although theres more to me than that one aspect. 

Pho , country , and weekend naps.

Dune is the best book ever.

Churner. Me too thanks


*21
420
A cross between a muppet and a second, hotter muppet
I write and I read and I walk around a lot and sometimes I think about stuff
If you let me message you first you Will be disappointed
In an open relationship :o) Filmmaker
Writer
Musician
Artist
Lover of film, philosophy, sci-fi, beer, tacos, and Conan the Barbarian ripoffs from the mid-80's

6'1

Ask me about our customer rewards program. Nice Canadian . 60. 
 : NYC All abt cats, art, tattoos, and being decent at a lot of things whilst being good at nothing 

If you teach me something new Ill give u a tattoo 

Vegan will read u a bed time story 56
If I supper liked you it was probably by accident cause  clumsy as hell lol
Wanna be friends Would you tell Picasso to sell his guitars I'm sorry my dear but you are up for elimination.
Id probably have liked you if you didnt have this ugly beard I need a vampire chick to serve me blood in the VIP. 

I like talking psychology, Black Metal & design. Welcome to my Ted Talk.  Things I am pro: Bravo, (iced) coffee, dogs, dumplings, getting lost, gin, parks, photography, prestige television, running, tacos, wholebrities, wine.


Tell me your guilty pleasure  
IG: busraygmhn
 My hobbies include: 

Editing my life story,

Hiding Behind metaphors,

And trying to convince my shadow that I'm somone worth following.

Follow me on Insta: jelxani

Overwatch, anyone? Add me on PSN: theamazingjayy 

Looking to make out in the movies then make fun of each other afterwards tbh

Regular guy here, Virgo , I like art and being ratchet. Always looking for a good time. 

Looking for friends, primarily. Dates are nice. No hookups  No judgement, no ignorance, and BE EDUCATED Interested in talking to someone who wants to talk to me.

Need me a freak like that. World traveller based in NYC, language nerd. 
English, Franais, , un poco Espaol, attempting 3arabi
Expert skier . 
Everyday master chef  Foods from around the 

Bi, 

60 if it matters 

Looking for someone to make out and cuddle with, maybe more :) 

Swipe right and lets chat :) Just a little gamer geek that likes to chill and explore life to the fullest

Sc: thatcrazynigga4 I can get a little salty sometimes, but dont get it twisted ;) Tbh  looking for my next boyfriend.  NYC Ill feed you if you train me  Live in NJ/Work In NYC
Meteorologist. Tornado Chaser. Avid Runner. Live to travel and explore. Six foot one

@officialdaddypatrick ... dont read into it Entrepreneur. 6'3, Leo. House, R&B, and rap. Just moved to NYC from LA and enjoying the change of scene Tell me something I dont know  Emotional support peacock MIT 18
59
Minnesota nice Entertain me 6 2
friends and connections 
lets keep it platonic  
all about that positivity for the new year who trying to join me. Gym buds. Models. Photographers. Music Junkies. Stylist. HMU

If I disappear its because i randomly deleted my account.
this message will self destruct in 24 hours 
snap : crimpharen Dance artist whose phone battery stays on 10% 

Lets be creative and smoke herb! 

Hit me up up!  | 
 weird, just looking for someone to be weird with Coffee enthusiast, dancer/choreographer, & dog lover  10/10 moms would recommend 
 nice and/or approachable when in doubt, show them your asshole

HAPA
Sagittarius Musician looking for friends... nothing more
www.youtube.com/maxximo
Insta @mxximo 
Instagram: @letolfn Actor | Singer | Boricua
Working with theatre company in the city Made in  live in 
Follow me on IG: @alliyuto  new to town, could you give me directions to your place? Teacher/Grad student
Fitness. (Ex-powerlifter) Now, Yoga + Calisthenics. 

58, 185. 

Do you ever light a match and not use it? Then why do you match with me and not speak? 

I dont have ANY social media. nursing student who loves concerts I hate bios / IG: shelby.carey 63 fashion dude, writing stuff, beer drinker, movie lover, bibliophile, infj. Brooklyn. 
Instagram: @monsieurdarling i like to taste things Just exploring From Alabama, but here for Law School
63
Auburn University 18
New York Law School 21
SC: coreylee_9
 hit me up  4 for 4 with a chicken blt and ranch. Substitute drink for a chocolate frosty Join the 9 year old army and help defeat T-Series
Subscribe to PewDiePie 
If you dont know who that is then dont even bother A wise person once said to me.. SMDson twitter: _skotchbonnet_ Coke or Pepsi?  Quiet and reserved soul. Nothing but good energy and vibes. I dont sugar coat anything and wouldnt want it any other way either. Snapchat: nickola_xoxo

Friends are needed, need more female friends to hang with, guy friends are great too... dont come to me with the bs ( not trying to fuck) insta: brigid_lenihan  38 not 25 Trini & Jamaican                                                       Football is my passion, I am short  61 want to be 62 Not to brag or anything .. but 9/10 I cook better than your mom  Let's dance sarcasm 
music 

Lets delve into Rick and Morty
Scary movies>>>>> feminist 
vegan 
let's go jogging 

newish to the city, am interested in people places and dismantling capitalism~looking for friends loverz & concert buddies!

tell me about your favorite music 

they/them CT-SC
Insta @jmkowalec
Snap @jkowalec_1 livin like larry man 140 LBS 
5 ' 10"
From Brooklyn, NY
Not so great with these intro stuff, so it's best to just ask! Just a shy guy looking for dates or friends. Looking for something that hopefully develops into a long term relationship 
Tech nerd  Me: Tinder is so lame...
Also me: *swipes left**swipes right**accidentally super likes a couple times**swipes left**swipes left*  way more charming in person 

@quackwacko Brooklyn native. Not necessarily looking for anything, mostly just looking for a reason not to give up on looking. If our energies vibe, then  cool with that. You can find me somewhere between gym is life and gym is killing me slowly.  HAHA I'm poorly adjusted and sad
I take pictures sometimes. 23
Siena '17
Mercy MS secondary English education '18
Ig: angeladerosso Sushi  is my favorite

I love adventures and people who have a sense of humor 

Lets Netflix and cuddle  

Insta: @jjessemiller Instagram-xtommyx94  All I ever talk about is my job (teacher) and my love for music. I march drum Corps and teach marching band. Thats all Ive ever wanted to do in life. Honestly, just love talking for hours over some coffee.

High school history teacher in Brooklyn. Ask me about the craziest thing my students said today.  going to probably tell you either way. Movie buff, avid photographer, and Francophile. 

Currently doing a master's degree in computer science and addicted to The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. here for a fun time not a long time short&sweet  fun sized and dolphins are the key to my heart Girls Who Code && #BuiltByGirls
Pace Comp Sci '21 Mostly here for cute dogs tbh but leaving my options open

  just looking to mess with your life 

Appreciate the beauty of avocado toast. And potatoes Actor, writer. Lover of the theatre, coffee, and Judy Garland. Oh, and wine. Wine is good.

** seeing someone so I'm only looking for friends and maybe fwbs  Also, if you aren't from the city and just visiting, PLEASE say it in your profile!**

Despite usual annoyances, I'm definitely in love with New York and I love to explore it...it's just fun with more people. 

Talk to me about the arts and I'll be very giddy. And actually, just message me if we match. I obviously won't mind!

6ft Id appreciate someone showing me where I can get an excellent waffle you do you, if thats what youd rather do thats on you Dancing level: Latina 
Mood: Always hungry
Ideal date: April 25th, not too hot and not too cold Boredom strikes again i guess lol but here for some fun
5,7, 
Just got a haircut lol,420 friendly, open minded, (kinky no judging)
Sports, Music, Netflix> 
MSU Alum
Ask me for my snapchat Looking for something real. 
NYC/Albany 
Grad student 
 bored SNHU 19


Make me laugh and go on adventures with me 


IG:gabsryman Philly
WVU 19 Tired of all the bull just want something real I dont have social media besides this, its okay  not a 50 yr old white man Someone calls me mommy. 

Arkansas raised. 

Coors Light 

Jesus 

EDM&Metal&Alternative

SC. Briianne_nicole My mom says I'm ight
NYC

Trap enthusiasts | 420 friendly | 19 |
insta: _htilil_
: turquoise_pizza 

(Tinder crashes on me constantly; apologies if I take a bit to respond)

Existential nihilism
Disco fever
Nintendo

en/fr 
 Yes, I am 410. No, you may not put me in your pocket. i like pizza Looking for love in Alderaan places

Canadian Brooklynite who spends way too much money on coffee and clothing.

Bad at math but worse at answering messages 

IG:Madeinhellusa 
Hope you like sarcasm Future significant bother. ~quirky & relatable~ Interests: Hiking, Going on random adventures, Being a couch potato, Gaming, Cats, Anime, Sarcastic people

Looking for someone who is spontaneous, witty, passionate, ambitious, competitive, and who is able to hold a conversation. Friends are always great but ideally seeking a deeper connection. (Dont be normal!) I wanna go on a real date or hang out. No hook ups! Tell me your jeopardy story looking to have some fun Technology Management Professional. Always up for an engaging conversation Brooklyn   What up,  Jared,  19, and I never fucking learned how to read  From Rome 
Now in New York 
Pretty much strange sometimes, love to dream, discover and travel, I like to consider myself as an artist .
Love to talk about everything. You can ask me whatever you want ,always going to get an answer from me .
I just love to live my life with a smile and fun. 
I love a lot of things (never a lot).
 not looking for something just curious about life and love
P.s. If you dont have any bio Ill probably swipe left

I really hate Snapchat
Insta: jasmine_taby Snap: flawless.crissy Walk, run, jog, and bike with me 
Play games, play sport with me (volleyball and basketball is life) 
Looking for friends, chat, and relationships. 
 fully ridiculous but in a cute way NYC

__________________________

Taurus Brooklyn native, LTR oriented. Chemist. Huge trance / prog house fan.

Let's bike or travel to a sketchy Eastern European capital city.
 ig: fixityeezus  Transit-Oriented (Teen?)
A living, breathing meme.
Everything hurts and  dying. Musician and aspiring sex Therapist just lookin to connect and have adventures. -Yes,  a real human being:  @kellymarcc (and thats my only profile.)
-Yes, I really am an engineer, for a decade now.
- No, I dont list where I work because I dont want another person showing up at my office (yes it has happened before) 
-Yes, Tommy boy is one of my favorite movies
-Eddie Murphy and I share the same birthday  hiiiii
Instagram:bryannaaforletta
 Former baby If everybody would look back at everythin Ive been sayin and preachin and prayin and sayin, Ive been sayin I am a spiritual warrior - I feel like  a spiritual warrior!  Like I had to put armor on just to walk out that house! Looking for a relationship with a kind, self-aware human or vulcan

I prefer the city over the country and concrete jungles over nature. If that makes me a bad human then _()_/

Came to Yale to earn my BA a couple years ago. Before Yale I was traveling and using lethal amounts of narcotics. Graduating in May and moving to Baltimore to earn my MBA at Johns Hopkins

6 years sober but don't mind alcohol/weed

Date ideas:
Gym
Rock climbing
Drag show
Wine painting
Study
Karaoke
Cooking  GREAT at squats.

  This has really been way more interesting than I expected. Thank you all for the good convo. 

Everyones anthem is drip too hard so I had to switch it up.

Aquarius  61 infj
Into art, music, fitness, and traveling. 
On the quiet side but get to know me and Ill show you my sense of humor.

Dreaming to travel the world in luxury 

IG: @sagekwon   I like science, math, literature, and dogs
Also  not sure if I am on this app ironically, I havent decided  not from France, but I still like baguettes.
Business Student 
Hmu if u wanna do festive stuff and get overpriced peppermint hot chocolate.
Ig: Paris_879  laidback, ambitious and love Indian food. Oh: montrekyle 5'9. 
I rap. 
Haitian & Ethiopian.
That's a m-16 on my forearm. Memphis Au.D. program Looking for Friends - relationship or a gym partner 
Last attempt at this app 
Pharmacy major in progress
Lets go eat food, regret it , go to the gym , regret that and sleep !

Not short , 64
Gym rat with a fan of gaming pc gaming and anime. 

Csgo for life...nah
Listen to dubstep/Edm mostly Snap: dezi246
Instagram: manni.des Originally from LA, moved to NYC for school, realized how much I love $1 pizza, and never looked back

Writer/actor/director, aka hosting at a restaurant

Libra, if that means anything

I'm 6'4" so I can get that cookie jar from the top shelf for you ;) Instaaa->sophhsig (:
You miss 100% of the dogs you dont pet Yerr
Do i wanna relationship? do i wanna hook up? idk man :/ i do want a weed >:)
 a knock out  (check the last pic)
Sorry if youve seen me for the 693639 time, i remake my account when  bored :( 
I suck at making conversation. I'm a five feet six inches tall european mess, who weights 97 pounds and has trouble opening some doors because they're too heavy. My life consists of wondering whether or not to make the bitchy comment. 50ShadesOfSassy. Sarcasm enthusiast. I'm cute as hell, which is incidentally where I came from. riding around town on a lamborghini (bike) Couple looking for a third. Tryna live my best life. 
Cashapp: $BritR5678
Snap: britr5678 One time I talked about Freuds concept of penis envy at a job interview 

Whats ur bagel order? Just making friends

@zcaetano
5'7 135 
NYC | BOS | FLN Little Puerto Rican babe! I am from Brooklyn, NY. 
I'm a senior at WCU and I'm not high maintenance. A bar is just as good as a restaurant. Probably better. 

 I dont give a shit but also pls love me thx Can we go eat 
bar(ACTOR)ista

~~musician~~

Bennington 17

Cincinnati born cuddle with me and call me youre babygirl
ion have Snapchat so dont ask for it Writer. Photographer. World explorer. Amazing home chef. Italian greyhound dad. Lover. Cuddle monster. 6ft tall. #1 pet peeve is swiping right and you are too afraid to start the conversation... Singer, Actress, Dancer 
New York City girl studying theatre in Boston.

Can pretty much translate anything into Latin. A few of my favorite things : movies, fast texters, Snapchat filters, California, tennis, planning in advance, Obama, medicine, memes, deep conversations, my tortoise, sushi, Duke, exercising occasionally, top 40 music, hiking, Modern Family, using emojis french studying in the US probably high or asleep but most likely high IG: __Ashleymariex
Nursing student 
No hookups, just looking for good conversation... dont waist my time dont ask me about the cat 
actually dont ask me anything 
better yet DONT TALK TO ME
i exude leash kid energy more than anything insta: ashlycostello
NY Scorpio 
IG valeriecally 
SC vcally6  a painter, will-be cosmetologist, and an animal lover. 
Straight edge (for those that dont know it means i dont drink or smoke)
Scrubs is better than Greys Anatomy and you cant change my mind.
Also im 100% 18 you can card me, but  also old enough to know what scrubs is. I speak 
I am a student, I like to travel a lot.
I play cello, really love kids and cooking 
I love to meet new people. Biochemistry major (closeted inorganic chemist )
IC class of 2018 
Headed for pharmacy school A very outgoing, friendly and goofy Haitian-American from Brooklyn                      Add me on IG @maxinee_0 My brother met his wife on tinder so  trynna see if it runs in the family Saint Josephs University 18 Ukrainian girl 90% legs 10% personality.

In an open relationship with 

If we match, give me your best Alaska impression and say hiiii Lovechild of Jim Morrison & Brigitte Bardot

Draculina/Thumbelina I love long walks, feeding ducks, dogs, comic books, the Met Museum and horror movies. I enjoy meaningful conversations.

Looking for my soulmate English and Womens and Gender Studies (Ill be going to grad school)

Researcher and published author
Activist
World traveler
Art lover
Tasty food, making and eating
Father to 16 plants and counting 9TEEN  | 54 | 
NYC  LVNYC

Need someone I could fall asleep on facetime with 
If we cant sing 90s (or any, really) R&B bops together, I dont want you 
vibe with me baby 

shoot your shot  
imessage games ? 
snap : major_kay
ig : kay.lannnn
twitter : kaylannnnn Theres some information about me 

 Jacob 
 19 
Going to college for automotive science and technology 
I work part time at a car garage 
 a triplet 
Love to work out kayak travel go to the movies chill at home in my bed 
 looking for friends or a boyfriend I hope Chill, languid vibes and ice cream. Accents are always sexy. fuck a bio  Hi I'm tk sourdough, contemporary classical, ina garten, marketing , oboe 
brooklyn - 61 Hey there! I'm a recent transplant to Brooklyn after graduating from CU Boulder. Love to travel and have been to around 25 countries so far. I want to hear your travel stories!

Languages:  In search of friends and good vibes 
Ig: sham.griffs  a college girl studying biology 
Sagittarius 
Ig: miha.w
I dont want no hood niggas  not interested so dont even try Hii (((: ENTP. Virgo. Ravenclaw. Brit(ish).
Secret hockey fan, not so secret dog and concert fan. 

Looking for friends. We can cross the benefits bridge when we get to it. Ive been known to cross some bridges. Music is most of my life
Innovator & Protagonist                                      Team Gryffindor 24/7.                                   Alien during the day and avid lucid dreamer traveler by night
I love the journey of the unexpected. 
Message if:
You're a gentleman that doesn't mind going with the flow, loves blasting the radio on fun car rides, and doesn't mind a girl with corny dad jokes and puns Music festivals and tattoos are an obsession... explains why  always broke

Biochem and Molecular Bio major... yes it is as painful as it sounds

IG: emmawilson07 A woke Leo who loves to laugh! Make sure you got the papers and fronto! Lets get to know each other on a date! 
Tell me about your most recent vacation or what youre reading. 

More LTR oriented. I really hope Tinder stops becoming Grindr  just looking for a wholesome man not a hoe-some man Just trynna change your life  postmodernism is a hell of a drug Trying to save the world in time for brunch. Also let's hang out and put ikea furniture together. Why is everyone obsessed with the office on this app
58
Comp sci/ psych major 
An awkward soul 
Super nice
Will be impressed if you guess my ethnicity right I created a big forest with my heart  I sing  songs. I have been working at an animal hospital for about 11 years now, animals are my passion. I also love to sing as one of my hobbies. I'm here to look for someone who will enjoy my humor and share some of the same hobbies with me. landscaping part time of my days. I'm outgoing, funny, caring and much more.  Snapchat me  Pinny365. 5"6 if anyone is curious lol  ig;bianca_bellaxoxo
Sicilian 
52 
future firefighter *I could be your travel buddy, gym partner, and personal superhero.  
*I look short in pictures but kindda tall in person (59). 
* also into video games and marvel comics. (anyone playing Monsterhunter world swipe right)
++US Tour on December++
dec19-23 Los Angeles
dec23-26- Las Vegas
Dec26-28 Texas
Dec28-30 Orlando
Dec30-Jan 2 New york
Jan 2-4 Chicago
Jan 4-6 New york Class of 2019  Kings if you wanna treat me like a queen lmk

Queens text me i want black women friends

Love hood niggas, they dont act stush

cyph

If you know youre wack dont bother

 from be Welp idk what happened to my other account   Fuck it 

420 Friendly open minded | Weird  | A lota hippie, a little hood 

*No Hookups  Looking for some friends  and or dating  Afraid of water birds of prey and hates bunnies

Message me for my Vince Vaughn rant  a libra Call me princess 
 so bored and need attention 
looking 4 a kitten srs inquires only thx u 59 
Full time Nurse  in the day , a boring YouTube watcher at night. 

Aquarius, big on signs sooo .. wats ur sign
Yes  a real page add me on snap! Not chill!
Driven and nature-loving. Always running or outside. Like coffee, reading, writing/words/language. Care about food systems, feminism, the news. Give me some band recs? _()_/ Dutch | based in NYC South African 
Six tattoos 
50
In NY for a week  Here browsing

Not here for the long drawn out convo lets meet and chat *Looking for friends not dates*

 big on character and self improvement.
Growth 
Strong Bonds 
Alignment 
Great conversation 
Inquisitive minds 

I love listening to Podcast - The Read, The Friend Zone, NYT The Daily and others. 
Open to recommendations too   @analuwicha 
-Marketing 
-Drummer 
-Google Local Guide   Just looking for some initials to put in my AIM away message if you peaked in high school swipe left My name is pronounced (SA-jah) 
plus size AF
college student 
nursing major
IG : _saja_mae

 just here trying to find my cat a father 

I AM NOT LOOKING TO HOOK UP  !!! Into movies and stuff Bold of you to assume this is a joke keebler elf 
masochist 

show me critter babies and things you make? Love to laugh, have fun, and enjoy life one day at a time.

Looking for fun time with fun individuals. Stoners welcome 

*Disney, 420, Couple Friendly*

If you really want my attention, tell me your favorite MCU movie and why.

 Exchanging money for pics and videos. 23, Please Dont Message Me If You Plan On Waisting My Time , Also Dont Message Me Anything Sexual If You Dont Plan On Sending Money To Me : 
: New York, NY 
: Baltimore, MD 

Looking for someone who knows that, I like to travel, goes without saying. Academic research for now. Jeopardy enthusiast, especially when Trebek is petty AF . Texting on here gets old fast, lets have small talk in person  BTS. Food. INFJ 
Friendly  Weird  
Love to laugh 
Love cats 
Love to game  
Fortnite Queen 
Looking for friendly people to hang out with in the city !
Will respond 
Not Looking for hookups  Youre gonna get to see a picture of me if youre not an asshole. Into manga, anime n shit MEET ME AT OASIS IN SMITHTOWN WED-SAT/9-4

IG: NikkiD58 New to this Answer this: Paris or Nicole?

 >  (but i get down w both, obviously)

lets talk about dogs/movies/books/music/whatever

ig: b.salad I will not entertain bullshit 
510 who is she 
shoot ur shot New Media
Snowboarder

Still in my pop punk phase russian/ german/ a little french/ literature/ comedy/ socialism/ wine/ food/ gym/ yoga/ dont believe in western medicine do believe in astrology

read my messages in vocal fry

my name is pronounced with a soft a (ahhhnna). starbucks occasionally spells it Ona/ Awuna/ Ohna

thats all i got  like cocaine: Super fun, addictive, and I might ruin your life. ;)                                             (I myself do not use cocaine btw) God bless the woman with ambition 
Future nurse  
Follow me on ig: love_aley 25 | Punjabi | medical student...here on clinical rotations I work in PR, have a cat, and like to run

Instagram: kayladoering Insta: nicolinnii
 I used to be a huge fanatic of scary movies... now I typically enjoy romance, comedy, action, and Sci-Fi movies. I enjoy reading a good book and catching up with friends. I am introvert by heart but once I get to know you, I am a very caring and sometimes silly person. I love cats and dogs but never had one. Id like to travel more or go on adventures. lefty jew who thinks art will save the world

likes: tattoos, dogs, whiskey drinks

dislikes: fennel, Picasso, white supremacy Just a Brooklyn kid looking to not be so lonely & have some fun enjoy life. Love hockey, dogs, & ice cream. Disclaimer Ive unfortunately been cursed with the short genes so  52 ( usually get turned Down for that so might as well put it out there now). Massive cuddler or tease whichever youd prefer  IG: samjahoda Tengo 18 y busco amigos o un relaciono seria Gemini. Medical professional. Recently moved to NYC.

Easygoing and love to meet new people.

If you're not actually going to have a conversation, what's the point of matching?

PS - if I super-liked you, it was most likely accidental. Super chilled, simple dude here... swipe right and hopefully we can get to know each other better
I live and work on Long Island
Am a Gemini
I'm 5'11 and am partial to my complexion or darker  Two things that will get you on my good side.... and getting drunk at brunch on mimosas  A Princess Was Born On 12.23 
Coolie  
Add Me On Snap @yannibae23 Looking to date and make some friends. If youre not interested in ether a friendship or potentially dating, swipe left papa. 

*

Pisces Aries Cusp
Islander
Artsy Techy kinda guy Still believe in people 411 with great vibessss  511, Leo
Moved here from Israel a few months ago. 
Lover of: The truth, peanut butter, etc
 A very complex carb / swiping from a sance

Stage name: Sensitive Spice Dedication warrants purpose. These white girls sure love pizza. He/him
 a cheap date! SFC20 History Major

20  60  180 :)) NewYorkCityBOY *black hair most recent 
Confidence is the sexiest thing a man can have. (Please tell me  sexy).  You smoke? Is the quickest way to my heart 
Aquarius (underrated) asshole but funny and loving at the same time.  (They said I hid my fat. Welp now ) Boy Scout so catch me in the woods or the hoods
 mobile come take a ride 
If you dont wanna vibe with me swipe left or unmatch
Instagram: steamynaj Hey guys, after encountering a few jerks on here, I decided to give the app second try. If you already have doughts about me being real, dont swipe on me please!! Its annoying.

I enjoy cooking, running, bowling, and watching movies. 

Perhaps a Netflix and chill to end the holidays maybe Instagram : Yan_Yan_Nugent 

I am not  on this app to hook up, so please do not proceed and swipe left if your motive/ intentions does not line up with mine. 

Thanks much  lemme get uhhhhhh

brooklyn  nova 20   .  not sure how i ended up here, so dont ask me why  on Tinder.  NOT trying to hook up, even if you ask nicely, its still a no. if you dont like dogs, dont swipe!! Hit me or dont, thats cool too. Sailboats, gin, and 30 Rock. 

Brooklyn, NY if youre vegan and like sad indie punk, here i am Interdisciplinarian Speech Pathology major. Works out to country music. Hope to be a great dog/cat mom. Go birds. PhD student, DC transplant. Late night movie lover, margarita enthusiast, mediocre musician. 6'

Bisa bicara bahasa Indonesia! Kalo mas bisa juga, mau ngobrol dengan aku? Perlu latihan bahasaku!  Dog loving, food loving Nursing student my favorite words are ennui and petrichor. look them up.

can and will take ad like photos of cars.

yes thats my dog you can only pet her if you earn my trust ya found me Junior at GW in DC; but NYC is home

Promised a friend I would get one if she got one... here we are 

**Welp  now there are two on here so  in it for the long run. Financial communications professional. Traveling the world one vacation day at a time and eating everything in sight. Equal parts fancy and ratchet. 

5'10" just a girl,,,, looking for love :-( -humans dated pokemon truther 
-Gay 30 under 30
-Jacobin reader
-down to watch Family Feud follow @poethepomeranian for a delightful surprise  20 years old, single, if we match hmu, not on here a lot so if i answer your lucky
 tryna get married one day mf 

Instagram: monet_sierra Not sure how/why I ended up here lol
Don't be afraid to ask whatever lets have fun, sc: helenalovesyoux Always down for an adventure!

I can serenade you on the ukelele 

Swipe right if you like dog memes, documentaries, and someone who can cook bomb ass food. 
  Just a nice guy looking for romance and a genuine connection.
@buzzberajo  i dont need a toofer i need a dotcom

It Girl; Genius Big Aries energy Former southerner. Current American expat in Europe. Future TBD. Florence is home! 
Si, parlo italiano! 

In the States until mid-January! NYC 

i just came back from miami, enjoy the results Comedy enthusiast I will always love my dog more than I love you Ig:trippie _brii Looking for friends or dates, ideally someone who won't shame me for eating 10 maki rolls in one sitting because you're doing the same. The enthusiasm of a Knope with the party inclination of a Lemon. 

YES: food, parks, volleyball, fiscal responsibility, chicken wings, cooking, painting, beaches, folk music, crossfit, MoviePass, reading, Michael Scott

NO: bigotry, extreme heat, bad smells, lethargy, celery, overpriced but uninventive trend foods this is where my bio goes right  a really motivated and driven person. Love traveling, going out with friends, grabbing some drinks, and not playing games 
Insta: @drewslavik ill follow back! Forever young Having imaginary arguments with the couples on House Hunters Message me lets chat! 
Live life without regrets
Instagram & snapchat: 
gottobecrazy 24 y/o inner grandpa 

In a relationship but open/poly (meaning hookups and dates and if something comes of it all, its something we can talk about)

Topics I like chatting about include limited series (GoT, Westworld, etc.), urbanism, socialism, anime, books (always love recs!), memes, ling, healthcare policy, and more

Ive been described as an apathetic, existential bitch & my mother calls me snarky and flippant

BK, NYC, is home 

en/es/it/de Capricorn looking for a man and a 

I dont want to talk to you on here for days, but I will talk to you at a bar for hours. a denim patch, an unfolding rose

in an open relationship! Hey, pretty new to the tinder world, so be gentle. I guess if you like music, food, pits and Larry David we can be cool. Hit me up with your best dad joke  Looking to get cuffed.

Height: 5'9"
Body type: bear trapped in a twinks body
 I like my men like I like my toasters: turned on and in the bathtub with me. Theres a photo of me on Neil deGrasse Tysons phone. Ask me about it!

NYC born and raised with a newfound obsession with biking   diamond in League, so yeah, I definitely have a social life.

Interests include: singing, guitar, piano, video games, binging shows, suuuper spicy food, German beer, and working out.

Back home for a few weeks. Just a Masters student quickly realizing that Grad school is hard, man.  
Long-term oriented, so I will ask for dates. 
Lets watch some Netflix original shows, drink some wine, and relate to the self-loathing characters.
Yes, I drink considerably, 420 friendly, and I love ice-cream too much. 
If youre looking for wholesome,  that puzzle piece that fits perfectly but has a different picture on it.
Ask me for more Ive run out of characters. My dog and I are a package deal 
Marketing major at Penn State
Instagram: erikawinkler who wants to play smash ultimate
insta @limanisnicket My name is Allison
 Yeah issa no.    Insta: _samona

Outdoorsy but also indoorsy
Basshead 
Philadelphia Looking for friend, talk , drink , date , enjoy the moment.. Professional nerd with a proclivity for tequila. Running, writing, reading, and sleeping are my thing, can guarantee A+ discussions about Star Wars. Hit me up with your best history fact? Dry humor, sarcasm, and water wrapped up in an average looking package

NYC Swipe right if you agree that breakfast is the best meal of the day.  an avid traveler looking to explore the world, come join me!

Catch planes, not feelings

#teamarmy Actually 20
Fordham University'20
Absolutely love traveling
Instagram- lauren_kellz Aquarius , Cancer , Virgo 

Brooklyn/Denver.  Say hi! Insta: marianna.nicole

dont get it twisted I love to meet new people! 
Lets grab some tacos. 

Btw I'm pretty short, 4'11 to be exact. :)

Goal-oriented, independent, ambitious and humble. Love to read, kickbox, laugh, have intellectual and weird conversations. I don't have abs, I have love handles. 

PLEASE READ: If you're looking for a gal purely for looks... swipe left. If you're looking for a gal who will make you laugh swipe right.  thinking of a whole number between (3*12)^0 and 3!-3. Love science and nature, very chill and i like simple things, looking to try new things.. I like my man Tall and with muscle, like any other girl i like to get spoiled but im also a hard worker so if you know any job available let me know message me with tattoo ideas. 
idk what to get next 26 / Aries 
Brooklyn, NY
Writer, artist, entertainer and educator.

Let's talk about Halloween, punk music, horror movies, and sideshows over wine, share some artwork, and then aggressively spoon.

ISO weird artists and punk musicians.
Fragile masculinity need not apply.
 Let's get a bottle of wine and talk 

Looking for Gus Kenworthy. 6'4". Athletic, creative, and geeky all at once! Orange is the new black photo is NOT a real mug shot. Lol.  pls ruin my life

Temple Alum

ig: libbywaddell Decided to start a new. Seeing whos on and who to vibe with. Just going with the flow 

I have a variety of interest including social justice music politics melanin empowerment LGBTQ issues community social media volunteering research writing food movies dancing travel etc.

I enjoy fun people with brains good hygiene and a great personality. Now when it comes to dating and sex....well the list gets a little more specific  Just looking for someone to murder me in a haunted graveyard!

There's NO WAY Goldman Sachs employs that many of you.

8'-5" and I'm a fire-breathing demon IF IT MATTERS! looking for a companion through the hours of darkness Waffle lover, parks and rec enthusiast, awkward eye contact aficionado. 

Proficient in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, and Excel.  looking for dating and maybe a relationship. 

If we match feel free to hmu and ask me anything.
  edm  Let's go on an adventure 

English Major by day; musician by night  Just want dino nuggies and a good pair of wool socks to keep me from the inevitable apocalypse.  young and curious
Young and Curious 
Favorite Position: Missionary
I adore food could probably quote vine better than you New to town 
 really chill & easy going so dont be afraid to talk to me 
Anyone down to go see a play? Or go to a drag show? Lol


ENFP 67 Not really sure what to write so I guess I'll just say my names Jimmy I'm a 20 year old from Maple Shade, NJ. I enjoy many things including sports, music, video games, traveling, cooking, movies and many more. Any additional details about me I will save for later.  here for fun ;) Looking to share drinks and banter. From California, still getting used to this whole ocean on the east deal Add my snap Irinaivanova.10 Be real, Be nice  Architectural designer and preservationist. Love cooking, baking, skiing, bike riding, frisbee throwing, walking, museum going, coffee grabbing, beer drinking, and general exploring. Feel free to join me :)

College roommate: He may not be the life of the party, but hell definitely be the life of the cleanup. Down to earth guy who's open minded . Enjoy dinner,movies, bowling and just having a great time when not working or hitting the gym.  Hi there,

Graphic Designer living in NYC. Loving my career, my friends and my twenties.  ready for a partner. A lot of you couldnt possibly understand me. Genuine men to the front, fakes and flakes be gone.  Chunky and short Italian who likes to cope with social anxiety by eating too many carbs. Looking for my knight in shining armor, FOH with that open relationship nonsense. Bonus points if you love Gaga, Nintendo, tattoos, guacamole, beer, and horror films. Oh, and .

PLEASE be able to carry a conversation.

Whats your favorite creepypasta? Oh boy. 

Ethically Non monogamous. . Cat dad.  

Breakfast. Empathy. Not funny but I can make you laugh. 

Currently working at a nonprofit which combats the stigma associated to addiction. 

I'm a tiny thing 5'6

Nerdy & political. 

Just be honest. Snapchat Filters are the worst. I like things hot. Piping hot. 
Soups. Showers. Men. Coffee. Salsa.  5'2
Loves food
Brooklyn, Ny
Haitian
Funny 
Loves make up(if you want your makeup done message me)
Looking for a girl best friend, someone I can go out with and have funI love pretty girls                                                  Wig Stylist( dm on Ig if you want a hand made wig made)   Ig:@Beautiful_poisonn hair page ig: @cheres.crown  born
 raised
 leo
 Criminal Justice Major Instagram @sylviagjondla 
Facebook @sylviagjondla
I'll let you guess my snap 
If you have a beard we can absolutely be friends. 100% polish soft, laid back libra looking to make out and rub on some booty NYC. Easily distracted... 

IG: jjpadiya once got into a beef with James Murphy

be my date to Mood Ring Soo im a bottom yeaaah...
Dogs are cool man if you play league let's be friend's too

Ever accidentally super liked someone because you forgot how tinder works yeah.. Same   

If we match speak up :) 

All about that body positivity


My ig: IntentionallyAesthetic

In all honesty  looking for a boyfriend, please be sure of what you want Jane Goodall in the making. CPR certified Oh well, Dutch
@aimwagemans Addicted to McDonalds, Friends, and Disney CS Major/ Incoming Game developer 

LTR oriented. 

 BK emergency medicine resident.

MA  CT  NYC 

IG: devinsean34 I like to Jug and Finesse 
510
IG:its_kmarr
Snapchat:its_kmarr My final pic is my final form. 
5'10"
Writer, gaymer, moisturizer.
If you love fantasy novels, I will love you like Rothfuss loves his silences.

NY/SG My names Clinton but they call me Chad  summer lovin :) surfer & lover of dogs swipe right Works in film.

Lover of soft pretzels. If you dont like Gambino dont bother 52..Bilingual  . Educated & Employed.

Not here for random hookups. Just good vibes, food and drinks!  super happy with my life, just kinda wouldnt hate someone to share it with.. someone who has their own stuff going on and we meet in the middle. Some one affirming, sassy/challenging  some one to take turns embarrassing each other with, like Calvin and Hobbs. Yeah just like Calvin and Hobbs. 
 I cook, I'm pretty creative and adventurous... and witty? Honestly if you've looked past my pictures and are reading my bio, you might as well just messageme

Snug monster Introvert looking for an extrovert
someone interesting, funny, persuasive adventurer. 
(If thats a thing)

A little bit about me, I like wine , I like books . I like making love in front of the fire place.  just kidding. I dont have a fire place, but everything else is true. 

Looking for something serious
-strange right? 
Friends.
Gym buddies. 
Travel buddies.

 not tall,  56 200+ pounds.

Didnt match, try Snapchat JuiceyJaee 
(I know, I know terrible username) ENFJ 61
English/ Spanish 
8th grade special ed teacher 
Greyhound owner
Crystal jewelry maker  
Come with me if you want to dream! Lets talk about crystals, healing and astral projection
Lets explore the depths of our consciousness  
Always down for an unconventional adventure
Ask me about my honey combs. Made in Brooklyn  
Sophomore Psych major
Part-time art gallery/shop assistant
Science fiction fan, loves reading
Netflix & Smash bros 
Looking to meet new people 
61  i like to goof off and have fun 

61 IG @hija.de.la.mala.vida
Xicana   Aqua  Sweet, funny, smart, animal lover. 

If you clap when the plane lands.. swipe left! Instagram&Twitter: @livmarfleet

ENFP  

Graduate Non-Profit Administration Student at Baruch College Yes I read your bio
No  not from Cali hey. hi. hello. yo. whats up?
tell me about all the shit you wont put on ya lil tinder profile tho.

i never super like on accident.  I like my men like I like my makeup.
Vibrant ASF. 
 Hi  When I was a kid, I was a stock image model for Scholastics

 almost 5 feet (4 10 3/4 to be exact)

I love ballet, museums, and to cook & bake Snap: kga_0309 
Ig @_kg.a
Send me some bread so I know its real 
Venmo: Kga0309 I cook, I clean, I dont really need this app
Vegan for the animals, the planet and myself. 54
IG: qxeenkatt
Snap: qxeenkatt Snapchat: karinaaa123 Avidly seeking a cuddle buddy. 
Please have a dog 
 UPenn - BA
UChicago - MBA

Outgoing well rounded young professional. I keep a pretty open mind. I love travel food and dope people.   Actually 22
Real Estate Proffesional 
Really just looking for friends Performing Artist living in Brooklyn. 
Things that interest me: 2000s R&B, decolonization, post modern dance and performance, and healing practices. just a huge freak!!!!!!!!!!  I put the hot in psychotic I definitely love my last picture
I was such a cutie
Btw looking for something serious! I'm 6 foot tall Puerto Rican and Italian kind of chubby boy from Brooklyn with a large amount of sarcasm and darkness 
 Latino Peace and tranquillity 
Poetry is my passion
 The seasoning to your dish  NYC x BOS

ig: @olivererle Illustrator cowboy take me away Ig : gabbbyyarlene French  
Digital marketing intern 
Pastry lover  
Love traveling, cooking and chilling 
Just arrived lately in NYC, wanna show me some places ? UWS dog dad to a black lab, named Springsteen. I am the History teacher at a new charter school in the Bronx, but I also have a non-profit in East Africa. So, I split my time between Manhattan and Tanzania. Degrees in history and politics. Ask me about the time I got stranded in a snow storm w Whoopi. I have my shit together - you should, too. Lets grab a martini! Coffee came out of my nose once .
@veronicamatveev I like coffee, traveling, going to the movies, punny jokes, and food. Alarmingly good at making odd faces. I'm Venezuelan guy living in New York, I want to meet a guy who loves me for who I am. Looking for simplicity, commitment, loyalty. but sometimes I feel that NY it's not the right place for love. Just Looking For A Vibe  Dweeb, dork, geek, nerd, etc. but Ill still break ya heart so dont fall in luv, mijo 

(I literally just wanna play board games and talk about my dumb art) Looking for FRIENDS. Someone to go to concerts, sporting events and new food in different cities with. Nothing more nothing less| 59| NJ All about laughters
Must love nature  Vet tech and bio student
I like whiskey and men with calloused hands and beards. 
Oh and puppies, bitches love puppies Earth sign angel for some fire sign chaos Woman, West African, and Warrior.
Cultured and Curvy.
IG: @afriqueendom Femme tgurl (trans) here just looking to have some fun! Based in New York City . Fun to get know
. 420 friendly

Instagram- Darkskinkara 
Snap - Darkskinkara Smiling, Dancing Everything Is Free..
All You Need Is Positivity..

NY based Fashion Designer/Stylist/Model

Creative. 

Pollo-Pescatarian.. 

 high maintenance a little bit, but not in a negative way.. I just like extremely expensive things 

Players only love you when theyre playing 

A man is not a necessity a man is a luxury. good natured capricorn who writes and appreciates Good Aesthetics. 59 

Always down for drinks and banter Book worm, poetry dork, generally tired.
Looking for somebody to make fun of me

My life is mostly consumed by my senior thesis at the moment.
Are you on the admittance committee for any of the PhD programs I'm applying for? Let's go on a date! Heyy
NY  NC 
Looking for friends San Francisco-raised gemini with a big heart. talk to me about: weird art, radical feminism, cheese, queer theory, experimental theatre, or cats  looking for my very own Shane UA 2020
Shy at first but give me a minute to open up Just a young man exploring my options 
Living life to the fullest and not allowing other to mess up my mood. pretty much always down for some good food and spontaneous adventures i can trace my trust issues back to the first time i ordered scrambled eggs at a diner

59 Yes I ate the whole pizza by myself

Insta: gabjamieson I havent given up on it but lets be realistic, I wont meet the love of my love in a bookstore or coffee shop. We wont be accidentally reaching for the same book and promptly going on a date. Neither will our eyes meet across the room over a great novel or cookbook. NYC is not for romantics, so here comes Tinder. Ill bring the stars to you, if you hold the ladder. Gonna delete my tinder so follow me on ig (@cugatron) if you still want to talk or see what my cute ass is up to. Bye QTs  caribbean + brooklyn = me 
i have a dad hat on 95% of the time
just here to meet new people 

snap @ kingrosanna Brooklyn Photographer , wine , cats and dogs , cooking , walking , music , and whatever else comes along.  

Thinking about getting rid of this again ? Just moved to the city and could use a tour guide...mostly because  tired of getting lost on the subway lol No  not Black or Asian 
New York> UTampa Here for a good time  In college double majoring in education and psychology 
Proud dog mom 

(Turn off: Bad grammar ) I'm really good at cooking breakfast food and propositioning others to join me to drink during said breakfast food.

Pittsburgh born but Brooklyn's my home. I will go on about podcasts, roller derby, and Dungeons and Dragons for days.

Proud Gryffindor.

Looking for a mind a work.

Always tired, never sleeps. very tense 
IG: Taicha_ Hi!

I'll be traveling throughout Aus in December - early January and am looking for fun people to hang out with :)

Find me on Instagram: xjennni I love teaching, yoga, meditation, giggles, snacks, books, friends  lets get chipotle ! you can find me making coffee or hiking a mountain, depends on the weather I'm 5ft 10  
Living in NYC 
Looking for friendships and dates

Ich spreche Deutsch
Hablo espaol


 ridin that wave  
old soul livin in a modern world. Lets play a game, heres the rules: If I match you, Ill message you first. If you match me, you message me first. 

Its pretty wild I know.


57 | ISTJ |  | Hazelnut milk Follow my instaaa : vanessachavezz Sex is easy for me, I crave something deeper. I am a genuine, passionate guy and have big goals for myself which Id love to grow and share with someone! I am not only here for hookups. Intelligence, passion, and a clear vision for your life are the most attractive attributes in a person.
LTR, 5'8

je parle franais, alors je suis l si tu parles aussi lol

Professional Actor/Songwriter and MBA holder
The song below is me  Also am okay with friendship  Thanks  Nerd at heart. Avid aquarist. Still a student that loves to explore the city and it's endless possibilities. Hit me up! Swipe if you want to make a lot of food, play video games, talk about conspiracy theories or books, and watch The Office until everything ends.

Or if the only public restroom you use is at Barnes & Noble. YEEERRRRR!!! Now that I have your attention...

-21 (Gemini)
-Photographer (ask for my IG and you can decide for yourself how good I am)
-Black (not a bad sunburn or vitiligo)
- I like buses and trains (MTA scapegoat)

Looking for friends at the moment. If you really impress me, we can see where things go. 

P.S: I LOVE The Office, Parks and Recreation, Archer, Bob's Burgers, Futurama, King of The Hill, Grey's Anatomy, Scrubs and The Simpsons  a sports fan, dog dad and Brooklyn faithful. I even come with my own one bed room apartment. If youre lucky, I'll cook a mean dinner, and maybe order some dessert. IG@Bk_pacifist 
Currently looking for workout buddies !
5'0
Aries 
May randomly ask you what you think about kiwis 
Anime enthusiast
I have a girlfriend (:
Has the tendency to be super awkward
Only here for FRIENDS (: take it or leave it Engineer and a designer.
Looking for a disco dance partner and an obsessive dog lover.

511, 165 lbs 
IG: its_sexylexy i just need somebody to mount my tv 61

Heroically single Art Director. Brooklyn. Dog Dad. HMU if you want to know more  Cant really cook but I can make a mean Bloody Mary
Let me love your dog 
Insta @maddielostocco Write Ill write back 
   
Libra 
Dancing is everything 
Music is amazing 
Soca dancehall  and R&b 

I dont like playing games unless it benifits me - LTR oriented 
- Workout daily
- Travel for work/fun
- 2 dogs/ a cat is my future goal

Honest and loyal man is a big turn on for me insta: abbeycrocee  Are you more of a Donna, Rosie, or Tonya? 

Sports, Arts, and Entertainment Management major

"If it doesn't work, throw some glitter over it" a life lesson I use everyday

If you match with me, send a message.

Follow me on insta: marilynmonrolon 
music lovers please
Uber rating 4.78

i wanna make you smile Aussie just moved to NY and looking to meet new people. Primarily looking for friends but open to things happening if it feels right.

Poly and happily living with my primary partner.
For the guys; no patriarchal masculine obsessions 

Super supportive of intersectional feminism but always looking to self educate and do my own emotional/intellectual labour New in town Likes long walks, breakfast foods & reading movie spoilers. No jerks allowed.

Whats your favorite John Mulaney joke? AEA stage manager.

Darjeeling Limited, Detention, Batman v Superman, Excalibur, Your Name, James Bond.

What the Constitution Means to Me, Slave Play, Bands Visit, Harry Potter.

Devil In the White City, Stephen King, Tintin, Bone, Saga.

Red Dead, Smash Bros, Stardew Valley.

Bourbon, martinis. 

Bi.

-And the doctor recognizes me as the operating theater grows dim. 
Arent you that old wrestler with the bull whip? 
Yes sir, thats me,  him!- Tennis /Golf  
Future Educator 
Political Science/Secondary Education 
 Washington, D.C.
       New York City 

Is relationships real? Lmk 

: @burgessmulan 
: mula-n Oneonta state cheer Graduate student living in Philly!

Taylor Swift Fanatic 

Coffee donkey

Runner

Lets grab a drink & chat  archaeologist; I like dead languages

I have the same birthday as the Marquis de Sade Early Bird Seeks Worm
Lets drink tea or go for a run !
Queer [they/them] - EN/FR Anyone wanna help me ummmm explore my queer identity?

 funny and always with the shits

 passionate about art and social justice and how they intersect 
Maybe well have something to talk about? I love food especially waffles 
Long drives are the way to my heart 
 pansexual

 59, every time I tell a person my height, theyre always shook
Trying to live life before I get old asf I enjoy tea infinitely more than coffee. Love a good sweater. 
Maybe we can start a book club together? talk to me about 
-education 
-all things Jewish 
-your favorite Mary Oliver poem
-baking 
-James Baldwin
-house plants Native Texan in NY for almost 7 years. One day I woke up and decided it was a great idea to start commuting from Brooklyn to Westchester every day for work. I still dont know what I was thinking. 

Happy to watch football or real housewives with you. Just dont get between me and my longhorns in the fall. 

I hope you like to eat.

I deleted my Facebook as a Christmas present to myself. But now Ive found myself starting over on apps like this. Love Traveling, eating brunch , oysters, and going on trips at night  and amusement parks Always the loudest person in the room. My incredible sense of humor stems from my boundless insecurities.

Film & TV Industry.

*just looking for someone thats funnier than me and its not easy ok Z3WCD76J9 just wanted to give you the WIFI password for when you come over Tell me about your common interest and Hobby. I want to know you.  Health, Fitness & Nutrition 

missnutritioninthesky Likes: classic rock, comedies, wine, dogs, meeting new people, adventure, and traveling

ENFP | 52

Speak: Russian, Chinese, German Queer poly femme (partnered;we date separately). 
Academic (philosophy PhD grad student); sex educator. Feminist: no SWERFS no TERFS. I write & care a lot about sexuality & technology & ideology & moral pragmatism. 
I like: art galleries, red wine, video games, cats, fashion, sad goth party jams, speculative fiction by women/queers/poc, burlesque, strip shows, plants, alone time, whiskey, pasta. Looking mostly for queer femmes (kinky a plus) for friends &/or luvrs. Pretty uninterested in cishets Architect, freshly minted Kiwi girl in NYC 
 
 a history student, so I guess you could say  good at dates  Last 3 pics are my mood basically 24/7. 

If you guess the lie, first round of drinks on me : 
1.  a 32DDD
2. I got mugged in a foreign country
3. I got banned from a couple of bars in the LES

Tryna get fucked up with someone as fucked up as me  Creative and love to laugh. 
I like music, cooking and movies!!    Currently an HIV Prevention Contract Evaluator and former Environmental Educator

Looking for someone to adventure with 
Insta: brendan_ing loves halal trucks, comedy shows, the sunrise on a morning commute, concerts youve been waiting to see, bars with outdoor patios, New Years eve, and new coffee shops Brooklyn, NY
 Aquariana
Amante da natureza
Ca aqui de pra-quedas PhD Candidate. Psychologist + Linguist. 
  

Likes             

I love meeting new people and discover new stories.

Available on request in         a woman who enjoy the simple things in life watching the Lord of the rings while Uber eats brings me a milkshake and burger.  a Foodie who loves exploring new places and tasting new things. I like Trying different foods, being athletic, explore the city, watch gameplays, painting, and to read 24 

friendly boy, likes to have fun Whats your best pick up line NJ/NYC
Fly Eagles Fly  HUMBLE. FUN. LOYAL. Some tats and a few piercings 

Not sure if shes constantly high or just like this in general -mom

French/Irish Texas bred, Midwestern schooled, paying rent in Brooklyn. Geek working in digital design, food gramming on the side As they say ... its nice to keep a bio short & sweet .. so what can I say ... 

 Nicole .  studying to be a nurse . Food lover . Love to travel . I have a pretty corny sense of humor . I love to watch friends & law and order ... 
 
So lets taco about it   You can call me teach SEARCH E:    PATRICIA333SEX 6'3" I like scattergories and peanutbutter and I need my wisdom teeth out All I can truly say is that life is what you make it sooooo Just Live!!!!


IG Elijah_1086
Book of Eli... life path 11. I think we all are afraid to make the first move. We swiped right for a reason. Looking for something meaningful.  Parks and rec is better than the office (lets fight about it) Sometimes social
Always hungry.
Never patient. 
 a writer so careful or youll end up in my play ( only sort of kidding) 
   in order for this to work you have to agree that tom brady is the greatest qb of all time. if not, pass.

@bsp__13 Chinese Canadian studying here. Hobbies include swimming, hiking, rock climbing, reading at the coffee shop, and shopping "Not everyone likes me,
But not everyone matters".
"Stay a mystery, it's better".
 new here so please be nice.
 not active on tinder.
Come find me here.
Snapchat me "Kimmytyler2". Snapchat & ig: kelsey_ashantii
Really 18 from Brooklyn ,NY that weird girl no one likes

pls be my date to my jobs holiday party Cuban & Puerto Rican
Love to travel just be a tough act to follow just a 21 year old arab chick living in nyc.  Documentary filmmaker. Half , half Lets grab a drink! Looking for likeminded  
61 here for fun 
Photographer 
IG @blakeewood Ig:_aiida_19  im not talking at you, im talking to you
i dont wanna hear about you, i want to hear from you
does anybody out here read me? Lets see what happens. I laugh all the time. youre probably cooler than me

i am very blonde now love to smoke weed, highlarious af, not sensitive at all, Gemini, love old school music, ima hermit, try to be vegan when I can, if you love playing heroes of might and magic 3 then we can be the best of friends, love dogs so if you dont then dont party, dont really like to drink, love adventures, people say  very animated?? cheesy af and a kid at heart so if your looking for a nympho then yikes anyways yeah just basically looking to chat and laugh and what ever happens, happens Easy going young professional new to NYC.  a scientist by training with my doctorate in Biomedical Science, but currently pursuing a career in healthcare marketing and advertising. I enjoy sports (big tennis player and currently looking for tennis partners in the city. Hit me up if your interested. God said whoever doesn't have a crush on me is going to hell A special ed teacher struggling her way through grad school. 

What is your favorite lesser known spot in this city? "Here are the values that I stand for: honesty, equality, kindness, compassion, treating people the way you want to be treated and helping those in need. To me, those are traditional values"
---my girl Ellen D

Seeking adventure. Call me old fashion, but looking to actually meet up with people.

Gryffindor. Pisces. 786. Arts. Water tribe. R+J=L. Right brain. Left Hand. 

Did I do this right? Dumplings, dates and dogs I like anime, football (go hawks!), Disney, and Kingdom Hearts. Looking for laughs and some cuddling with someone special. Want to know more? Ask  _()_/ Architecture major so you already know that Ill be busy af and have crazy eye bags.

Not into hookups  sorry 


Instagram: @j_jack_k physics major @ ham.u
performer first
brooklyn bitch

#WildChild who likes the stars. passionate. intense. 

bratty. bottom. pillow. princess.      ! 

KOREA VACATION  6.20-9.14 
!  

Seeking serious relationship LTR
Drinking buddies as well

?                  !               !!!! ^^~~~~~ 

     Doctor in philly, in my last year of residency. Looking for a partner in crime. 

Interests: 
Bourbon (Basil Hayden), happy hour, not cooking, CrossFit, FlyWheel, WSJ, research, and good TV.

61 Take me to the cemetery.

IG: @real.lizzie.mcguire Quinnipiac University 17
MWU College of Dental Medicine 23

Hobbies include: napping, quoting the office, and showing random people pictures of my birds 

IG: kspataj Insta: @__livalittle Expect some side-eye and sarcasm 

Stop telling me how tall you are  easy breezy beautiful on the inside eating my way through nyc ! sponsor me  venmo: sarayuki

@sarayukiko Short, cute, and funny.   ambitious, and love science, philosophy, and dogs. Lifes too short not to make it great.  down to go birdwatching or have meaningless sex 

i make comics + dance 

whats your fav kate bush album and why

also: has anyone out there read lizard music by daniel pinkwater Just looking for someone to ruin my life.

Brooklyn Infj

 nobody who are you Paid activist. Ceramics and linguistics. Between Italy and NY.  Dont wanna see your muscleees P Crafty boi, anyone wanna give me a job? Aspiring artist and also freelance songwriter. 

Insta: nappypianokilla sailor, skier, gin drinker, and master of chopsticks.

5'8 1/2"  Brooklyn brazilian actor just arrived in the city.

insta: @juliokaczam // they, them, theirs//                                                                                                                retired horse girlnow available in plaid communication designstudent from Wrzburg Germany  
Small-town-dude moved to New York for an internship. 

 San Francisco anyone has an idea where to travel around? 

Say Hi! looking for some nice and interesting people who can show me some sides of New York :)

Insta: don.hoang  really not cut out for this Wannabe writer, photographer, and cook. Lets chat and grab a coffee.  Just your friendly neighborhood black chick IG: yongningmao ig: ashleympena My name is Nquaisha I am 19 and like to meet new people   INTJ. 

Pros:
Got a degree and a job (with health insurance and a retirement package!)
Excellent credit score
Own a passport and a library card
No angry exes

Cons:
Might choose working out over you
Borderline workaholic
Will make you listen to all my favorite podcasts (Too many to list here. Ranges from The Weeds to The Read.)

No hookups. Just looking for a nice guy who gives great hugs and can make me laugh. Bonus if you read books.

Equal parts NPR and Hot 97. swipe right if you find pure joy in making your bed in the a.m. 
always down to grab diner food I like cuddles and copious amounts of alcohol filmmaker/producer living and working in brooklyn! let's see what happens, always down for an adventure

@catamountvt14 Overall, spontaneous moments are some of the things I like to take for granted. 
Everything thing else...  rather grateful for. 

A little short  in consideration of any 
height-centrist folk out there. We could run away together

I have more books than photos of myself LOL! Dancer, writer
  

MA | NYC Living my life like i've already written the memoir.

A few of my favorite things:
Theatre
Ros
Paychecks A real WILD ANIMAL 

Looking for lighthearted joy and a bit of a challenge 

 511 Funny, kind, leftist radical actor/kinda-artist who loves eating food

Bi/pan, I think they mean the same but idk! I am learning all the time about stuff

Looking for a relationship but open to anything, poly or monog FPU Rowing19

Bigg boat girl  26 PENN STATE ALUM

Wine and Lattes are a must 

BK 

 Let me make you uncomfortable with my excessive gif use. 

Visual anthropology  If you dont like dogs, swipe left. Just looking for the Jim to my Pam. Let's match and never converse 

Let's also get to the drink part Cool vibes and French fries
I just want to watch the office and laugh with somebody all day
 
And yes, pineapples definitely go on pizza Foodie :) Chilled. Culinary artist. Chef.  Brooklyn born and raised. praying-mantis hiding in a human body? Find out. Also  20 and I want to take your photo Born & raised in L.A.
Recently moved to Brooklyn 

Love to have a good time 
Blunt talks 
No smoke/roll, no swipe. Gracias.
411  good. Spy Kids 3D Game Over is one of the best films of all time, Ill fight

Pretty okay illustrator Its either a vibe or its not and if it is you wont know till you meet me cause  weird . Not into small talk but if I like you Ill try. LTR oriented but no expectations . Mad dudes trying to get citizenship on here lol. PBS (Pussy Boys Secrets)

 visiting RBF, ENFP, GAY. FAUNA/FLORA lover. ADJECTIVES. Millennial Pink. BLACK/WHITE. Excess.

People quite often ask me what I do, my answer is that I sell face cream online. Send me your favorite vine I liked all of my friends' bands on fb.
Scripture says "thou shalt not judge one's facebook likes" 



5'10 when I'm wearing timbs

I watch rpdr and I tip the local queens. Get you a man who does both. NYC <> Tokyo

I'm an architect and designer that moved back to the states after living and working in Tokyo for 6 years. I like working on sculpture in my spare time. And I have a snake. 

English   Be cool, don't be all uncool

-art
-fashion
-music
-design
-travel
-food
-movies I like stinky boys that moisturize their necks and have big noses nyc // vandy engineering 22 
510
i speak english + russian (and mediocre french )

i love pretending im good at math and making bad decisions w a little too much confidence

@a.zverovich I'm prob just tryna fuck, not really into hookups tho
I'm a pretty busy guy, but my doggo is way cool
yes, I'm a top  (<that's an indicator, right?)


if you super like me, I'll instantly swipe left. Brooklyn 

Puerto Rican and Italian 

54 

i really love to nap 

i wear my glasses on the daily, but usually take them off for photos 

IG: tayynova I believe in a man making the first move
NO hookups boulder / nj / hamptons I want to fall in love.
 cool, with normal adult problems.
I like to smoke weed 
 a dancer/artist 
I have a dog 
I dont live my moms
If I was a bird  Id be a swallow
If you havent noticed by now I like to wear my hair in different ways. looking forward to a long-standing relationship that is full of food, travel and happiness. My career and passion is firefighting. In the past, I worked in Savannah GA as a fireman, but moved back to PA be closer to my family.  liberal af, and very progressive. I want to find someone looking for a partner to eventually marry.  58. Looking for someone w/ values like charity bc I do like volunteering. I used to be a hs wrestler, so Id like someone thats in to that quesadillas make up 93% of my diet 

im learning how to play the bass 

going through a hat phase

let's chat! Runner  Reader  Gamer  3.5 GPA or higher
IG: @christinepazler the last pic is actually me INFJ

Mariah Carey and Lady Gaga are life. Also, compassion and empathy are  Pretty open to all kinds of connections. Surprise me.Brooklyn Philly
WVU19 Me think, why waste time say lot word, when few word do trick. 

Ultimate Frisbee, fitness, and food  village heretic 

 understanding, strong, intelligent, genuine and original. People tell me their secrets. 

An artist, illustrator and graphic designer.

 reading The Violent Bear it Away by Oconnor.

(I dont want no scrubs) I like pineapple on pizza / just an intj looking for an entp companion :( Talk to me about music/video games/anime/space! All my selfies were just to check how high I looked y soy de El Salvador #FuckTrump
511 if ur wondering
I DIDNT super like you on accident 5'10"
New to Brooklyn, from California My bladder asked if my colon could come out and play, and my colon was like, Sure thing Singer/songwriter. Guitars. Non profit lover. International relations. Documentaries. Dominicana  
Dont hit like if youre a Republican or believe Donald Trump boosted the economy. Insta: carlyclays Ironic, intellectual, dumb blonde, Virgo

Charm me with your emotional intelligence  or perturb me with your lack thereof  party for one.......for now....... Intersectional feminism. Yoga. 
In an open relationship. 
Brooklyn, NYC
 Senior Sales Executive. Socialite.

511 Dont match me if you dont plan on talking  because you had the option to swipe left  a Virgo .                                                           Trying to become a firefighter.                     Love watching good movies, anime, and tv shows also the Gym                                                               Looking for someone with a great personality and who I could vibe and chill with IG: @bagajian

63 ft. Wassup 

i Down for whatever
Friends are always welcomed 
I like to drink
If we match MESSAGE ME
Tell me a funny joke or pick up line or a fun fact I lovvveeee that
If you eat ass stay away from me. Thats gross IG: _nineteen89 photographer  into techno, house, dancing, fashion, art and meditation San Juan, PR  Brooklyn, NY   
my cats name is Debbie Reynolds, shes alright. Also, what is fortnite? Kiwi designer - new to NYC.. Open to making new connections. A Cancer - Leo rising + INFP-T just moved to brooklyn, let's have some fun!

id be more attractive if you could smell my cologne.

i like to play music, get drunk, shmoke a lotta ganja and dance.
wanna do shit with me?

 I live in Brooklyn. So if  not in NYC,  visiting. Also, I'm .

I like the outdoors (canoeing, camping, hiking), video games, some food stuff, some design stuff, and exploring the city. Oh, I sound kinda generic... hmmmm...

Working at a startup. they/them
in a happy poly relationship
i make a lot of things, some edible some not. i like roller discos, winning at games, and having something to do with my hands during social interactions. Smoke with me and talk about colors and impressions 
I swiped you either because I wanna kiss you or because you looked like someone I want to be buds with.  Add me on sc : djmenol456 English/ french 
I love my life 
Back in Montral on the 16 th !
  Philly Philly 

Just ya average single bitch

IG: kyrabrauckmann Once Dylan Sprouse asked me where the bathroom was. Medical Professional in Manhattan @marynarzikul instagram Just trying to branch out more and get out of my comfort zone.  New Zealander, studying acting in NY. I grew up in Asia mainly and also a bit in UK. Really like travel, environmental issues, the arts, cooking ect.  New York City 

tacos, beer, & whiskey shots

Comedy specials & Christmas movies Founder at Tinder

Music is tight If were a match, I have one question for you: what made you lower your standards so much??  also, heres a list of things  handling well currently :))  

1. I stress about stress before theres even stress to stress about????
2. I text back embarrassingly fast or five hours later theres no in between 
3. Thats it . . . .
 Theres a hell of a good universe next door. Lets go Pizza for breakfast?
 NYC 

Future Nurse

Favorite movie You got mail 

If you dislike pineapple on pizza please swipe left if you use two in one shampoo & conditioner, youre not the one, dont bother swiping right                        I was also told this would be entertaining if I made an account lets see how this goes... sorta salty, pretty sweet

leo sun, leo moon, libra rising, enfp Colorado chick living in Brooklyn 

5'7" are u ready to raise our children on free to be you and me and divorce amicably when the time is right?? Nursing Major  
Snap me 
IG:@ayebrayan 
SATX, in NY Jan 4th- 9th 
Whatever is it,  probably down for it.     BK.

were all just passing through,  just trying to  do my best for the world and the people in it while  here. 

in an open relationship,  not looking for a primary partner~

msg me with book recs looking for someone to wait with me in the Trader Joes line | aspiring soccer mom | lover of burritos | from california Bored, want to hang out - which is not the same as a fucking hookup!!!

Emotionally available. Looking for something amazing with a real connection, but not pushy. 

Its been a long while since Ive dated, just trying to meet someone who would change my perception of humans as a species of assholes. 

 actually nice in person.

Last picture is me on an average work day, I do not wear that much makeup on a regular basis. Pancakes or waffles? Art director in Brooklyn. Father of one . Instagram @michaelburkstudio thats my mom changing a tire and me not helping fyi I always smell like Coco Chanel Mademoiselle and weed.

All of my jokes are visually and aurally dependent so  not very funny on the internet. Sorry. Accountant, traveler, photographer, gamer, runner, snowboarder, goofball, and promoter of the Oxford English comma.  

It's been difficult making new friends outside of school and work.  Lets hang out.  artist, virgo
new to NYC 
Live more and stress less. 59  College student looking for cool guys to be friends with, don't know where it'll go but no fucking
Add my fb @Emanii Green
Add my snap @Beauty_Emanii COME THROUGH TODAY ^^^

dumb cute 
ig: @ali.lx
venmo: soccermom12 (preferred amount is $700) Does nobody go on the dates anymore? Am I too retro?                                                     Looking for my Christian Grey 
LTR oriented
Work as cook at restaurant
Cooking is my passion 
Reading a books, walking, going to the cinema - I like it all 
Cant live without coffee                Guuuuuys, what the hell is wrong with you? Isn't it logical to chat after were matched? I'm an actor/singer. I like all types of movies, shows and music. I'm date and relationship oriented but don't expect much from here. I'm currently a server, though it's not my dream profession, it does pay the bills. Hoping to find a more mature relationship both dating and friendship wise. I'm an open book, and if we match I expect to chat. Just saying lol 

: pieceofpierce
my Instagram is: 13apierce

P.S. If I know you I swipe right Brooklyn
Take me on a date so I know its real
Chill and laid back
LTR/Dates oriented
Food is the way to my heart
Tell me your favorite horror movie, I bet Ive seen more than you 

Libra 
Fashion Designer
Makeup is an art form
Get to know me, Ill probably surprise you FUNNY
@baileeweatherall Majoring in Global Studies and French Studies

Love coffee, skiing, and good music

EN/FR let's go for a walk Pretty child back laid back type of guy. Enjoy good conversations and long walks in the city. Open to endless possibilities but not looking to rush anything. New around here, lookin for cool places to visit and cool people to hang out with.  Writer, philosopher hopping on the bandwagon bc why not
from jersey
work in NYC u wanna: dismantle racist capitalism w me, talk about plants

u don't wanna: go to clubs, have a police state

queer & ethically non-monog whats this app for again? 

hate weird piercings, but love a good tattoo. 

ig: kyracharisse  61
Top

Ideally here for dates or friends with benefits with like-minded masculine guys.

Into fitness, climbing, whiskey, college football, superhero films & tv shows, theatre, being the big spoon, exploring the city, & other adventuring. It's me, your (visi)goth gf 
Looking for someone to join me at my old haunted farmstead & help tend the bees and spectres and chickens and tomato plants. Bushwick. Nice guy looking for nice guy. Lets get a drink! 



I have a wealth of useless knowledge about : video games, cooking (vegan), hiking/backpacking, theatre, music, and books.  Bad bitch wit a good heart  Wanna meet for coffee, hook up, and then never talk again? Same! 
* But really, looking for a relationship Barnard College, Columbia University 2021
Looking for someone to spoil me
Good Vibes, No Drama I am a cutie I am funny nice clean and helpful ok and tall Brazilian 
I love to travel, see new cultures and try different food 
I like adventurous people
Also I like people that make things happen... so if youre gonna stop answering or take long time to hangout swipe left  
Scorpio 
@gicomenale  an avid reader and brunch-er so ask me where to find the best brunch in NYC/NJ or what my favorite read is at the moment. I love being Latina, Dominican to be exact and love counseling teens during my 9-5. 6'2ish Afrolatinx and a proud Brooklyn native. Young professional, old soul, healer in the making. I love to sing, act, dance, meditate, learn, and help build community. Social justice and spirituality are important to me (I am most definitely a vibes person).
I treat people with the respect that they deserve, and ask for the same.  I'm on vacation so dates, casual fun, adventures, dancing the night away, conversations about the universe, and generally positive connections are a big mood. Peace! 411 
Dominican 
Pretty laid back. I like going to the gym, reading and signing. DWIGHT YOU IGNORANT SLUT Really just looking for someone to team tackle the TJs line. 

I'm always up for a conversation, that is if you can get a word in edgewise. Like to cook and eat, but love if someone else does the dishes. Work full time
Student full time
Dog mom
Beer and board games
@lucid.x Laid back hangin 10 

Looking for someone as dumb as me 

Live in Brooklyn, Work in Midtown. Either tryna find a husband or be a hoe.
I dont know if anything in between exists 
Also, to save you a swipe,  on the bottom bunk I rather staying at home than going outside.

 Singer/Songwriter 
I'm All About Having Fun And Catching Good Vibes 
Down To Make New Friends  Buy me chips and guac so I know its real 

Contribute to my new pair of shoes by sending some money to huntfobooty on Venmo!

Snapchat: @huntfobooty Just started using this app and probably deleting it soon lol Very pale, only a little awkward. Enjoys doggos, sofritas, and accidentally killing all of my houseplants. No particular order. Attempting to live my best life. . .

Probably looking for friends! #SouthernMan #Gryffindor 

May as well let you know  a .  Better to find out now, than later!

#Fashion #Bow ties #Sewing #Sneakers # #Wokish #Longboarding #Thrifting #VideoGames #SightSeeing #Running #Anime #Podcasts Californian turned New Yorker.

The easiest ways to my heart are through tapas, terrible puns, and coffee. Show me your favorite spot in the city! 

Bushwick
 Midtown
 @gtorrz
57  Leo  EN/ES A small town Virgo in the big city

Just lookin to make out and be respected From Argentina living in New York PhD student originally from Brooklyn, NY. Moved to the Bay Area a year ago. 


Enjoy a bunch of activities like cooking, watching movies (and quoting them ), and exploring new places.
Guilty pleasure: Reality TV 

Would love to talk if we match, hmu! 

The inner machinations of my mind are an enigma

Honey this is how you throw a party in Mykonos bitch MFA student looking for friends and dates, hopefully a partner in crime to explore the city with. 

Hit me up if you like cats/chihuahuas, techno/house music, European/ Old Hollywood movies or black coffee/ iced tea. 

Prefer meeting in person than chatting online, lets grab  Hi I'm Michael and I don't know how to use silverware properly. Want to get dinner with me? 

If you suck at messaging back, please swipe left . Voted most aggressive in Mario Kart

 If you're a nerd with a beard & tattoos, das veddy nice. I'm weird but you'll like it.  I have 5 tattoos and love cheese, Mary Jane, the 90s, & water (whether I'm floating in it or drinking it). Designated driver. Dog enthusiast. Standard white girl interests include (but arent limited to): traveling, coffee, and pics of sunsets. just ask i love talking about myself I apologize in advance.. PSU '19 Nursing Student 

FYI I want a relationship. Not looking for hookups! ( marriage material )

5 ft tall 

I draw and paint sometimes, I watch Netflix all the time

 literally always singing so mentally prepare yourself for that 

Pisces  Whats the worst that could happen? Actually, dont answer that. Maybe hot chocolate wants to be called beautiful chocolate sometimes  i make art sometimes. 

pls dont swipe right if u voted for trump or kill animals for fun thx :) 

insta: @mohtlayam
other insta: @_mayart__ Probably the funniest person youll ever meet.  down for conversations, dates, partying .. 
Lets vibe. Also, if you cant hold a GOOD conversation please go away. Looking for a vibe 
Ohh and also  20 not 25  
Also take me Outtt 

Add insta : Cardo.lv 
Snap @ r_flexin I get enthusiastic about: dancing, dogs, Angela Davis, Virginia Woolf, Rick and Morty, building collective power to dismantle capitalist white supremacy, weekends. 

interested in ppl of all genders
doin the non monogamous thing  a freelance writer also pretty cool and chill, eccentric and outspoken when  comfortable. Not looking for a relationship, yet, but I know what I do want in a sense. Youll just have to find out when that notification hits . I also want to be challenged to be a better me and to build something with someone even if were together or not. And no I dont care how that sounds. And  also 60. Instagram: lizziemcalvin
URI nursing 19
ADPi Not really sure why I'm on here. 

But I'm funny, down to Earth, Sarcastic.
Nursing student.. Music, dog/ cat lover; love to joke around. Not really a fan of the description box. 
Love Supernatural
 @tangerinez_ native new yorker
musician and artist 
always traveling 
6'3  vegan stoner  If you aren't slightly weird idk why you swiped right. 

Y s, se habla espaol.  Sc: pink_couture6 Composition major, violinist/violist 

I love gaming, going to the movies and music

If you are:
Cute
Nice

Then youre off to a good start.

Say hi! 
 here for a good time not a long no time Instagram -  ashleyjnicole Jamaican princess// love music and I use dance as my art form. 4/20 daily so HMU and spark lol and if you cant keep these dimples on my face pierce through my cheeks then you doing something wrong  I'm better at writing admissions essays then making a bio
i travel a lot (been to 14 different countries so far)
Swiping right for that pet pic 


but im down for a good convo or an adventure
talk to me i don't bite unless you want me to
 I'm Brendon, and I'm a vegan/plant based chef (not vegan myself)
Physically I'm a bear. 

Grew up in Brooklyn and Stockholm.  But I'm Spanish (from Spain) and Pakistani. 

Dates>hookups

Sagittarius I hate Lauren because she enunciates too much -10th grade enemy No need to try to impress. Be yourself. Not much of a texter so lets get to know each other over  not  "The true delight is in the finding out rather than in the knowing"  
bloomsburg dance team
ig: _hannah_sydney venmo: samraim  daddy. I love to travel and I am not an ABG 
I also love food 
Pharmacy major 
Ig @amy.wooo Ya do what ya want when ya poppin When you never been on a dating app but your friends convinced you because you have nothing better to do, yeah that's me.  Love traveling, adventures and soccer. Hit me up if you like the same.
 58 if youre taller than me swipe right.
Try to guess my nationality.
No hook-ups.
I always respond so dont be afraid to send me a message first. ? Open relationship
Video game art maker, capitalism disliker, rat Dad  Ghost-type gym leader.

Talk to me about good podcasts and good games. 

If your profile contains your astrological sign or your hogwarts house, swipe left.

Something more substantial than hi/how are you/whats up is always nice. If you dont live in New York, just be a gent and let me know. Dont try to put me in a box, I wont fit
 free range Fun guy living in Brooklyn, looking for something and someone substantial. Tilda Swinton once chipped a tooth while suckling on a moon pearl. She buried the tooth in a nearby fen and nine months later I crawled out of the ground.

Grit & wit please. Looking for friends and intimacies in whatever form they take.  Pursuing a Master's in Landscape Architecture.  Interested in the intersections of ecology, design, and media.  If you dont like sarcasm, this isnt going to work. Charismatic, magnetic and sexy. 
Larger than life artist living his best life in NYC.

Colorful personality beyond what meets the eye. Into a large range of activies

LGBT Rights activist
Travel enthusiast. Entrepeneur 

English - Spanish - French Heyyyyyyyyyy eat my pussy while I play with ur curls I can do things u never felt  I like dirty talk Brooklyn / dancer choreographer artist i like beer but i like free beer even more 



Follow me on ig so i know its real  not looking for anything specific                     get wine drunk with me and lets watch a movie 
face tattoo optional, but preferred Instagram Canary Kiflom 
Just got here from Australia..  I dont even know Eco-quant at a financial firm. Visual artist. Nature and travel lover. Into many things.  5'2
Mexican 
Burgers CHI -> CLE -> NYC 

(just moved, have any suggestions?)

are you feeling it NOW mr krabs? : bowprint | : _masiac
dont match if you know youre going to waste my time. Currently a grad student @ Drexel

Middle Eastern  

Make me laugh i take hot showers bc i like practicing burning in hell Jewish pop princess Honestly just looking for someone to talk to. Anything else is optional.

Likes: 
The Simpsons
Cooking
Video games
Semi-normal stuff 
 College student here who likes the gym, movies, swimming, running hiking, museums and video games. Looking for friends and dates mostly. Would love to get off the app and chat over some drinks instead :) 

I tend to pour chocolate all over myself every afternoon so I can be called delicious. 

5'11  Hello :) 

IG: SamDiorr

Brooklyn I sing, play guitar and piano, am super into flyers hockey, content marketing, chocolate, pop punk, cats, documentaries and video games.

Let's get drinks!

Instagram: @katiepeircee constant tinkerer, excellent cook, billiards, biking, sad introvert, transporting books on the train more than I actually read them, Herzog, Hemmingway, Freud, Linklater. Verbose night owl. Trying to get more into Nabokov lately. Will want to talk jazz to you at some point. Eager to learn about your interests/passion as well.

Let's spend a weekend slow roasting a pork shoulder while watching art house films

Preferably looking for something serious less ego
                                                                                , sexual chemistry matters

It would be nice to fall in love, but lets not push it artificially. Dont say your looking for a connection if youre actually just looking for a soundboard with which to listen to yourself :). Lets practice our listening skills on each other

BK home Queens work Dominican
Hmu and lets go from there  hairs buzzed now
pups name is remy
super self critical, ambitious, sometimes sadboy
interested in art, photography, design, horticulture, music and language 
sun and rising cancer moon in gemini
 You remember that ugly middle school girl? Thats me!- looking for a long term relationship! Future actress and amateur model - love wine, beaches, and the great outdoors, family first! - down for anything friends and relationships! 25 from NYC.  Love having fun, going out & shopping. Graduated with degree in international politics & Japanese linguistic.  Work in fashion industry. Twitter: @_TheyCallMeJess
Insta: @itsjessssss

Venmo me so I know youre real: @Jess1256

Just looking for some good winter fun and some A-1 cuddling

Show me good music and we can vibe  Your favorite island gyal  
Nothing but good energy so match it or swipe left  Brooklyn 
Pisces 
60


(bad at writing bios, but the best at napping) I used to think I'd know if I had made it if I got to play Letterman... Now that he's off the air, I'm hoping for my own Ben & Jerry's flavor.                                                                            Lightnin Hopkins is the man.
Songwriter and Jill of all trades. 
Tech

Tea>Coffee
Hot take: 1776 is a Thanksgiving movie
 Looking for pic #4 Literally just here to see who wants to get high and grab dinner so if you swipe right were going to happy hour Quinnipiac University '18 
Boston Sports Fanatic 20
Funny af
Talk anime to me  
Favorite Currently: My Hero Academia
 Take me out to eat SHITT 
Then Ill cook for you 
Dont even get me started on sports 
Video Games? Catch this L
 Ninimacc
 @call_me_jeniyah
Least portant: 53

Bonus Points for spoiling me  (wishful thinking)

Brooklyn Born and Raised 
Never said I was perfect. "You got to consult the cutie before you touch the booty " - ancient proverb  Blessed hbu? In an Open Relationship. Williamsburg / Smart, Fun, Enjoying Life! i want friends Gym
School
Work

Just a queen looking for her king  22
Virgo 
The most genuine & compassionate person youll ever meet  dancer
 I love cuddles and dogs bkli New York, New York

Works in PR / Pop Culture Junkie 

Interests:
 anything Bravo
 Golden Retrievers
 music
 French fries
 Travel
 Beyonce Fan

Super open and love talking and going on dates!

If we match, lets chat!

IG: cartersmalls94
ESFJ Not looking for anything serious at the moment. Down for whatever/ friends/ fun/ fitness buddies Entertainment journalist. Originally from Nashville. I read, write, and watch too much TV. I also enjoy obsessing over the never-ending news cycle and losing the Hamilton lottery (& sarcasm, clearly). 

Please swipe left if you voted for Trump. (Also maybe re-evaluate your whole belief system, OK?) insta: emm.mcmanus looking for someone to tag in subtle Asian traits In an open relationship.  

I shine at night! The later, the brighter!

Would enjoy chatting or a trip too!!

Blonde, hazel eyes, 5'10' fit and look younger than I am. (maybe its my immaturity) 

Sagittarius (not that I believe much in that)

 Young-ish Brooklynite; tech startup by day, aspiring writer by night and weekend. Talk to me about literature, art, (progressive) politics, reality television, or something youre interested in. What kind of interesting menz are out there? Usually up for most adventures.  actually 21
Lets talk like humans ... 
 
Currently taking an anthropology course that explains the root of why humans automatically want to  mate its super cool. While it has a lot to do with our animal instincts and research shows we cant help it I want to save some time by saying I however am not looking to automatically  mate rather connect... another aspect weve evolved into doing... I hope. 

Studying to be an English teacher

IF YOU WATCH AHS PLEASE TALK TO ME !

No one nighters Photography/art/music 
 Ig- bribphotography Looking for a cute date Lifes unpredictable. So lets just live in the moment and see where it takes us.

My dogs Chewbacca and Thor love meeting new people. Just are overexcited with personal space issues. 

Star Wars/ Harry Potter are my favorites. 

I usually work a lot. So I dont have much of a social life. 

Moving back to RI/MA in the spring. 

Snapchat: ksousa94 Hey how are you 
I'm like marijuana. He ultimately a weed. Always looking for a good conversation or a bomb pick-up line. Can usually be found roaming the hall at 5am just because. if u finna slide in my dm w sum racist/sexist/homophobic/any typa goofy triflin bird ass shit, dont. Play w ur dick dont play w me

 hth969

lmk if i could call u daddy.  a vegetarian but Ill eat ur meat

P/s: buy me lingerie n Ill show up to ur crib in them fake deep


*~.


              uhhhhhhhhh

can i please get a waffle Would rather bury my head in a good Harry potter book then turn up, but would also love to catch a flick or two Humor= John Mulaney + Vine
Work Experience: Underground candy bar snuggling ring 
Special skills: flipping eggs without a spatula
Microsoft Office
References: nope
Perfect Date: April 25th


Looking for someone that's emotionally available and not filled with bees Always swipe right on your friends 
I like movies and people who like movies
Also dogs.

Politics, Sociology Aspiring milf
Dog and wine enthusiast I'm just a kid and life is a nightmare.           

Brooklyn native, recently moved back from Baltimore.

Not big on small talk lets get a drink. NYC  Educator. Performer. Activist. 
New to Brooklyn, show me around.
Talk to me about dive bars, edgy theatre, social justice, drag queens, and spicy margs.

  looking for a serious relationship if you not ready for that dont inbox me. I like tattoos
Mix of crazies    I love pizza & i love traveling & I just want a good boyfriend (I like white guys and I mean that in the nicest way possible :) )

Hope you like country music bc if youre mine  dragging you to concerts with me Just moved to Boston. Accents are kind of a weakness of mine. Be the Jim to my Pam? no fascists allowed xoxo   21... not 24
67  Snapchat: saraxoxox_1213 meet in instagram: babfaina Firefighter. Business owner. Outdoorsman. Just want to find something real, no petty bullshit, absolutely no hookups. I'm a good boy and I pee sitting down. My secret? Every day I lube myself up from head to toe with coconut oil. A dog literally ripped out my septum ring last week











vegan  looking for someone who is funny and sexy. Also, knows their way around the kitchen. I especially love humor, send me the best pick up lines Descreet and quiet, always trying to be productive (reason why I don't really use a phone) so don't waste my time. I'm honestly here to get to know people in person, not from a screen
I swipe right for good music choices
 IG: dorritos_b
I love to sing
I like all music except country 
Favorite holiday: 420 hannn  I lowered 50% of my car insurance by switching to Geico... And then I lowered 100% of my car insurance by moving to NYC... 420 21. Demon of your dreams 

Its so headass for me to be on here even tho I have a boyfriend. So keep it friendly thx. girls shoot ya shot tho

Kawaii goth anime gf of nyc

I like girls gore anime games food money

Fashion Forward

Just need cool weird people like me around me ya dig? Also I need people to walk on a leash and do spooky bloody gore shit w 

Ig: @kayavialva
Twitter: @yungberryx Single fun loving guy. Not picky, but I am choosey. If that makes any sense to you, were probably a match. I love a nice fit body (not just skinny and slim so you think youre in shape). You dont have to be black to swipe right on me  i love all shades of Gods creations hey im alex :) i love skateboarding and hiking but im also down to just chill in pjs all
day and eat junk food w ya! 
/send surgery videos not nudes/ queer bb | non monog | yoga | books | arting 
iso friends or foes Navy guy here ,Loves Food ,,Hiking ,Travelling
And sex! Not sure why  here but lol make it worth my while  lets go eat , get money and make each other happy Instagram : @therealsaraphine IG @kasiaabae
  ITALIAN 

 Your above-average, unordinary, charismatic, eclectic, guy who still believes that you can love the right person forever  Instagram : Dirtbag520 If you ain't woke, we can't vibe.                             
New to Brooklyn, show me whats up 
Insta @abbycordaro i like coffee, my bed, and anime  Shit, Id date me

Insta: caseymillller insta: jaydidomenico Fun not cool, likes the smell of books.

Looking for sexy brains.

Take me to Storm King.

510  Happy new year guys! I'm new here and I live an active lifestyle and am in good shape and I've been told that I'm a pretty girl but I'd let you be the judge of that. Anyway I'm Cindy, 45 years old, Blonde hair and with a killer eyes and Goddess smile. I'd love to meet someone local, single, married or divorced and capable of running more than a few words together.

By the way I'm more comfortable talking on my gmal.

Please contact me here ==>  cindytaylorperfect At gmal <== Brooklyn born & raised. Russian. 
MBA/Doctor of Audiology student
15 countries, 20 states (+ Puerto Rico) & counting.
Lets go on an adventure. About me? Well I love to draw a lot even though  not that good yet but I will be soon  caring, honest, loyal, and always down to chill and have fun. Love watching anime and getting to know people which is funny since  not much of a talker when I first meet people lol. but yea hopefully I get some type of friends out this maybe more.
I prefer my men chocolate but lets see what happens  also I love tattoos Lifelong New Yorker 

Overly Opinionated Statements:
Brooklyn should be independent
Certainty is a recipe for disaster
We don't talk about flags enough
Crisis and opportunity always coexist
Physical newspapers are better because you cant roll up a cellphone and use it like a telescope
The American League is only nominally baseball
Monuments should be solemn
The West Wing is a reflection, Parks and Recreation is a prediction

Tell me about the weirdest thing you've seen on public transit snap & insta- alyssascanlonn Timing is everything. If it is meant to be it will happen. At the right time, at the right place, and for all the right reasons.  . Hey  Kira I love the outdoors, almost every animal except spiders, traveling and taking photos!  Gabby. I travel for a living. I speak Italian and French. I talk a LOT. I love lifting at the gym ( I like shoulder day almost as much as like leg day), going to concerts, travelling, thrifting, playing around with makeup and good beer. I love to sing and music is a huge part of my life. I mostly listen to indie and funky stuff.  a city girl and a future dog mom. Looking to have a bit of fun and see where that could end up. 

Insta: Takemet0tokyo New to this...and don't mind my interest i've had my fb for YEARS. *JUST LOOKING FOR FRIENDS*
Warning  I have a boyfriend

I recently move to u.s and I doesnt know basically anymore,  on tinder only because I need friends with mutual interest! I love architecture, museum, music, art, photography, 4/20, crazy about tv series, etc... lets have a chat 

Originally from Brazil  Twice divorced mother of three. New Yorker 
+
Mercy college 
Major: Vet tech 
Artist, writer(poems, short stories,and amateur  songwriter) photographer, and I love animals 
I love movies, exactly the behind the scenes Turkish. 
Who tryna smoke NOW now?  a photographer super duper sad girl 

Big tiddie goth bitch of ur dreamz

I try making songs on voice memo 

I would ruin your life but I dont have that typa dedication 

Super bored like blowing tree  
OK thanks for coming to My TED talk love u Student and professional musician. Opened for Khalid one time! Didnt get to meet him but we did have a moment of rly warm eye contact from across the room which I sometimes think about when  feeling blue

Other specs:
-ENFP af
-Jewish grandmother at heart
-Owns approximately 30 self-help books
-Down for nearly anything 

Down to earth boys come THRU Looking for some loving 420 friendly 
 21 until March
If you aint gonna message me, dont match with me NY
Dominican 
I'm a Chill person
Treat others as you want to be treated.
5'5
Todo a su tiempo 
Just be straight up 
 Enjoy listening and exploring music. Soccer Fan (Arsenal). Like staying in but am always up for going out. I love photography Cant promise anything more than sarcasm

Insta- nicole.kots Lets smoke and talk about life  
Yall really out here eating ass
Jamaican men always lying on their dicks
I need friends  Brooklyn is boring Poly Pansexual Stoner. I just like to swipe.
YESYESNONOYESNONONO Work at a startup news app. Love the New York Times, Democracy Now!, movies and my cat. Well I'm an artist coming from Israel with love to traveling nature and freaky stuff  Brooklyn ny! brooklyn, ny
ambivert.
music & coffee aficionado.
get to know me, otherwise. Non binary femme 
Pronouns are They/Them She/Her 
Shapeshifter

Photographer, lets shoot!
Moved here from Portland, OR. still getting over that one guy who said he was taking a break from dating retweet if you relate 

they/them. bi. virgo/leo/scorpio. very tall, in case thats a thing for you. if you don't like fat girls, don't waste my time. An intellectual guy with a nice smile will always win the race! 

Don't be shy, say hi, or we could just stare at each other's profiles and never talk........ 

Seeking a guy who is funny, witty, creative, caring, cute and willing. 

COO/Creative Director & Wedding planner /event coordinator by day, fancy and mysterious by night.

ENFP-T   and Taurus 

Define "perfect"  Just looking for the perfect wave "Girls are like pizza, they are better from New York" Gucci gang  Dances Awkwardly because he can't come up with a clever bio. 
If I had a dollar for every time I've stepped on a Lego, I'd be a billionaire by now. So that means I'm clumsy but in an adorable way. 
Instagram @jayantonio
Snapchat:PandaSchwagg
I'm a Bottom I love making YouTube videos for fun, Follow me on IG  most likely on an adventure, singing horribly off key, eating flaming hot cheetos, or contemplating lifes most pressing questions (like if a hot dog is a sandwich) If  not out working, studying, or running,  definitely home. 
Looking for someone who likes to cuddle and that can beat my ass in Smash Ultimate. :^) I'm a 6'4'' Russian. Don't let the average looks fool you! I'm actually into bad puns, dad jokes, video games, and girls way out of my league.

If you're one of those four things, swipe right and then ghost me so I know it's real.

Honestly just on Tinder to have a roast battle... Swipe right and start with your best insult at me, and I'll fire one right back!  If you wanted an Instagram baddie, youve come to the right place because  pretty bad at Instagram 

I kill time by watching food and cooking videos (to make up for the fact that I can only cook pasta), dog watching/biking/walking in parks, and finding new places to eat in the city! I dont wanna be friends with benefits with anyone! I want something legit so unless ur down dont swipe! 
 extremely easy to talk to, not a picky girl at all. Short and sweet with a cherry on top!! To be exact 53:))) Lets shoot something  ESTP
New Jersey native
Montclair State'15 
Let's grab some beers 
Insta/twitter: @yesSTEPHinitely

Don't be a dick, there's nothing worse than a guy who's mean. 

Liking country will definitely set you apart from the rest 

Must love Babe and Maks  Just looking for some good talks and fun :) Fun at funerals. Very out going guy 
Love attending music festivals,concerts and movies etc Looking for something serious but not opposed to friends along the way. Music, coffee, city, and body mod lover. A tiny human with a love for beer and adventures. Honestly just looking for someone who can spend hours in the park with me.






 tell me what song i should listen to right now Hi - Currently working as: labor organizer
- Interests: plants, unions, books
- Big accomplishment: crashing a uhaul into the McDonalds on 125th st.

5'10" Lets you and I go toe to toe on bird law and see who comes out the victor. Russian
Cyph?
Ig; @anastasia.kayyy
Theres too many people in this earth, we need a new plague -the office Two Truths & a Lie:
1. I had a pet goat named Amanda
2. I hate Thai food
3. Ive been to 22 countries 

ENFJ | 5'9
IG: justcupsofjoe Did you hear Will Shortz had to start going to therapy? avid napper with a dope cat
 NJ/NYC

insta: ispydevan I love animals and the outdoors
HMU for a hike 
 pretty chill I take pictures of cool stuff
Speak mostly in movie quotes
Will beat you at Super Smash Bros 
     Ig: @ _sayama Relatively new to NY. Med student from the Caribbean. Friends are always welcome and maybe friendship can lead to something more. Relationship oriented; prefer guys who are more masculine. Let me cook my way to your heart  : Briggie_briggzz 
Pokemon Master
Dancer 
Cancer  
Sb; Key to my heart is Chipotle Muckboots over heels. 
Solo traveling, wheeling, hunting, fishing, mma, ufc, concerts , hockey, camping, quads, reading, museums, aquariums I really regret liking all those Facebook pages in 7th grade Bing 2018 bio major! 

Urban farmer, feminist, nature lover 

Hobbies include: 
-fighting at cheesecake factory 
-setting my age range to 55+ and crying 
-watching Avatar the last Airbender for the 10th time  whats up  Holaaaa 
Tufts Kiddo really bored mostly so pls talk to me if you like are in need of a hug or like a masc fist bump 
 I'm a sweet a girl. Bisexual   and looking  very fun  And love to talk Looking For A Friend  A Nice person & I Have A Daughter No sexual talking.. DONT COME HERE LOOKING FOR SEX
 Tryna go out tonight someone help me out 
Unmotivated stoner who likes to art
Also I'm tallish

Ig: daizybymarcjacobs My name is Paige!  looking for someone to hang out with or do cool stuff with on weekends or stay in and watch movies! Gaming nights are the best. Must be a cat person!

Plus size and just about 6 ft tall. talk to me about running, criminal justice reform, queer performance art, & music your parents don't like

fresh babe new to the city from school in cali -- let's go to a warehouse party so I can wear my light up sneakers

(bi if that matters)  HMU with an adventure idea and I'll be in.
Ex: Circumnavigate Manhattan by bike, Chinese lantern festival high af, open mic where we each share funny childhood traumas etc. Coffee is life  raving and fitness 
Dogs, Henny and food adventures are my weaknesses  fr/en/de  512
from montral
cross btw kellyanne conway & rosa luxemburg
study & teach at cuny A diverse girl whom is family oriented and career driven. Looking for someone to sweep me off my feet. so hard to find a rave bae nowadays.. sigh 

last pic is the real me Brooklyn-based. I produce podcasts and enjoy comedy, cooking and watching an unhealthy amount of television. Be prepared for a jab or two, but don't take them seriously because my cruelty is underdeveloped, juvenile, and mostly un-funny. here --> there Is it a cop-out to say I suck at bios?
51
insta: @isabelac116 I honestly dont know what to write in here 
All I know is I am a kind hearted person who is looking for someone who can enjoy life and just live and be happy with themselves and others Yes I can see your receding hairline and yes it disgusts me.

~ they/them ~

6' 1" Captions don't do anyone justice... swipe right to get to know me! Born in Taipei, grew up in Seattle, now in the big 

Slide into that dm @ _danbruh_ Got lots of trouble, female trouble
Video production and photography
5,7 bttm Freshman year I had class with Joel Embiid
PHL Instagram: mary_anne215.
College student.
Bartender.
Aquarius.
 Venmo: Emily-wade-15 Lovers dont finally meet somewhere,
theyre in each other all along

I want to have our first kid so soon. swipe right if you understand
bleep...bloop..blop.blop Hey guys! venmo : Gianna-Jacoby sc:supkatiee I once kicked a nun who tackled me to the ground right after. I've made clothes for Heidi Klum, gotten death threats from the KKK, and I once won a college wrestling match because my opponent used too many laxatives and shat himself mid-match.  about to launch a vegan food blog, I write science fiction and I am not interested if you don't consider yourself a feminist. Things I absolutely adore: thunderstorms, any amount of snow, cats, and stationery  somebody take my ass to the rainforest cafe Russian  I will snowboard my way to your dog


Dislikes: people who chew with their mouth open, not saying thank you to waiters or the bus driver, donald trump. Runner and  fan. Music Food travel sports Olympics Moved from Havana a year ago.. 

Always down for long walks, reading in bed, deep chats and more

Fighting for socialism

Looking to meet new friends and lovers

IG: realengo.polizonte Future Physician Assistant, so basically  broke and tired. Beautiful Crazy by Luke Combs was written about me I'm a cool fun girl sooooo have you met ted hopeless romantic minus the romance Ig: @Brittany.gaudio 
Snap: @brittanygaudio Open and Direct communication is a big plus
Bowie, Bi, Boxing, and Bioethics
Philosophy and Linguistics
Working out the body and the mind, one day at a time.  Flight attendant 
Sea/La
Snapchat: melwezzzy  Wait this isnt google maps

Norwegian expat in NYC  Aspiring nurse, wannabe comedian. Trying to not be trash. 
 63 which means you know my posture is shit. 
Buffalo chicken anything. 
The only Meyers Briggs type I can remember is my own. nerd Insta: @hannamaryy I'm a Brooklyn girl born and raised
Horror movie fanatic
Huge animal lover and I have a Dachshund 
Dancer/ Performer 
Looking for a relationship
 The  is the most versatile emoji
Tell me my celebrity look alike
New friends are always welcome ohh forshureforshure 

chicagoo(: 21
Anything having to do with nature I like!
Music is my passion, I love going to concerts especially Metal, Rock, Alternative, classic Rock
Sports Fanatic New York Rangers, New York Yankees and New York Jets
Game of Thrones fan! Winter has come and it shall come again (I just made that up)
Sometimes Ill start a sentence, and I dont even know where its going. I just hope I find it along the way.- Michael Scott
Currently studying Social Work and minoring in photography major 
Pitty ow Wanna be my mans? sc: minavourazeriss insta: minavourazeris_ #gobirds 
 they/them

Open to:
- friends 
- dates 
- casual/kinky sex 
- comrades 

 if that's your thing
(queer, anarchist) christian if that's your thing UC Berkeley PhD student in sociology/demography. Looking for ambitious, intelligent, and interesting folks. wordsmith  lover of the moon  badass forest witch 

 i've written some books  be ready to occasionally run away with me.brooklyn

pro-tip: don't send me a message you would be ashamed to show your mom. cali boy who somehow ended up in nyc! show me around the city P chill, sometimes spicy 5'11, if you're reading this, its too late. 
Deep house lover. If this doesn't work out, I'm getting a puppy Jstor and chill? Junior soprano seeing Larry David on tv and thinking it's himself write my obituary or send your favorite conspiracy theory neuroscience nerd // techno junkie // spontaneous dancer // travel addict
 I hope you like bad boys, because I'm bad at coming up with original self-deprecating jokes to put in my tinder profile

Sci-fi & fantasy, noodle soup, Young Justice, singing, comedy, Voltron, carnitas tacos, xfit, cats, dog people -Aspiring Model
-Loveee the outdoors Music Lover
Travel junkie
Queen living her best life Get out of my dreams and into my car. Into improv, napping, video games, television, and your mom.


((Here's the part where I try to be funny))

My ideal man is gay, between the ages of 18 and 59, 5 to 7 feet tall, and lives in the United States of America (but not New Jersey)

Hope your dysfunctions pair nicely with mine ;)

Former Houstonian currently living in NYC    Ambitious guy here looking to meet someone great! Lets get super high and go out to eat

Ask me about #WeedWineWednesdays Just make fun of me and youll do great NYer 
UVA Law '20

Take your pleasure seriously. Its pronounced: jen-a-sea (yes i was named after hennessy...sad Ik)
Insta: Jennesymarie Visiting the city, looking for a guy to chill with. Could very likely be taller than u if ur height starts with a 5
Astoria/ North Jersey
Croatia pompous flex but alas i am a silly, silly goose

moved here a few months ago and want to meet anyone and everyone (i have a soft spot for international boys)

nashville is 

i try not to take myself too seriously but im really competitive about settlers of catan

lets cook salmon, build legos, and talk about our feelings 

Pretty much exclusively into guys that resemble Max Goof but we can still hang
 Beer drinking and weightlifting what else do need?
Just casually on here online shopping for my next victim.. I do make passes / At boys who wear glasses. Aries/ENTJ

Enjoys silence and art
Down to shoot, just ask just moved here 
down to thrift and share a dressing room 

ky born 
brooklyn
62 Southern-born. Brooklyn-based

New to NYC! I drink a lot of coffee and brunch is my love language. Can be seen trying to look really pensive in a coffee shop near you. 

Masters student and Educator 

Hows your day going? Lets talk about it. Special education teacher, a bit of a comic book geek, yoga lover, and enjoy traveling, hiking, and bicycle riding Queens, nyc 
I love to fence and dance hip hop. If you cant make me laugh swipe left 
Dont look at the last two photos unless youre trying to see the real me.
 im not drunk... im in love and lost inside my head.
sometimes I think I'm too shy for my own good. 
if we matched, I think you fine as hell. 

add me on IG y'all..  Tell me somethin I dont know Singer/songwriter, food enthusiast, and gamer. I love memes. Oh, and animals. I have a great personality, I swear. LOL Spongebob references are a given. Honestly man,  just looking for a little love lmfao.  I have so much to give! Oof, I have a good soul and will treat you right. :DD -regularly visits the dentist

-plays little or big spoon with aplomb

-reads with a pen

-  is life, lets ride to the rockaways a giggly, freckle-faced empath 

libra sun/ scorpio moon/ aries rising No i will not fuck you goodbye.
Don't shoot ya shot bc I'm not interested 
Black is fucking beautiful 
Cancerscorpiolibra

Anime
Actually a redhead 
Snapchat- Savagekada  Likes long walks on the beach and zeppelin
Tryna find someone to go on adventures with
53 if that matters Not always checking this. DM me on Instagram: @jaredcraft anticapitalist cuties hmu, lets smoke some weed  Former Landscape Architect, current Graphic Designer. 
LSU alum. 
Living in Brooklyn. 

Beer, food, and design.
Looking for someone to eat tacos, drink negronis, and sleep-in with. 
5'10

Espaol | Portugus we could not talk or talk forever, and still find things to not talk about Lets get cold cuts Whats your favorite food? 59

I am Brooklyn Based. I am a genuinely nice guy who happens to make a lot of bad jokes more than he should. Youre either going to love or hate my jokes.

I am super active! Heres a list of things I like:
 I'm fine, thanks for asking. Howbout you? I am a Scorpio and a bad boi there lol. I am tan and if yuh racist move on cuz brown is I. Luv. And no I am not Indian just cuz I am brown and have amazing eyebrows.  I love yoga, sushi, & spongebob memes Yogi, Pisces, 90% vegetarian , anime, hip-hop, rap, experimental pop. Looking for guys who respond after swiping right and dont ask me what  looking for. Live and work in NYC. I spend a fair bit of time in SF and LA for work. I enjoy Crossfit, movies, restaurants, tennis and random adventures. here by popular demand! SCSU '20 track & field
Long Island
Fuck You  
Asking is better than reading.

Insta: sir__vando (Say hi on here for a possibly faster response!).

My Ben-Jerry's Test is LMNOP If art is defined by a physical work created by an artist then the image that the artist puts in everyones head is more or less the same since they are looking at the same thing. But if art is defined by the idea a viewer gets from the work that implies there is a vast range of thoughts and intimate associations any given person makes. So the role an artist plays is minimized since the definition opens up to anyone who is able to trigger any sort of connections in the viewer or interpreter My name is Allie.  bi  I am looking for both men and women 

I am a curvy 20 year old and I love talking and getting to know people. 

But I am pretty shy . I am 5 exactly (I know I am very tiny)and I have a weird laugh that would either make you laugh or gross you out . 

I hope we can get to know each other better. 

No hook ups please. 

Fun Fact:  a bit of a brat.  Recently moved to the city. Looking for friends (with benefits). 

Ask me about the philosophical implications of my toaster tattoo 

AR | FR | EN Guess my ethnicity
Knowing finance is a plus Dancer from NYC.  agine this: We supply each other with the utmost respect and honest communication. Whether we become friends or a power couple, we enjoy seeing each other succeed in our dreams and ambitions. All while sharing our love of dancing, lifting, netflixing, reading, laughter, and yoga.

Between work, the CPA, & buying a house, I shouldn't be dating, but I'm hoping you won't say no to the cheesecake factory.

Feminist, but I hold the door.
Pragmatist, but not a bore.  Graduate Student. 
Starting over, cest la vie. Looking for friends and dates. Product designer living in East Village working in Columbus Circle. 

Feel free to message me if we match!

IG: theandylu not very good at the whole flirting thing and I only made this to avoid studying for finals i was forced to make this I'm 4'11 (rounding up)
Swipe to the end for a thong pic  I hate everyone but maybe I wont hate you  dont be boring 
And no i dont have Snapchat Web designer and marketing guy. Recently moved to the Philadelphia area with my dog. 

Talk to me about design, urban planning, great movies, mozzarella sticks, trashy reality shows, and languages. (Spoken: En  / Fr  /  ) Never on here, but you can find me on YouTube & Instagram

I make Drum covers of rock & metal songs 

YouTube:  WunderlichDrums
Instagram:  WunderlichDrums

Taken 
Be respectful
Positive people only  Instagram @brittanysallah  a smart, strong, sensual woman

@letsgetthisbreadsheila
2nd pic is most recent but I dont wear glasses I am a slim, fit Afro Cuban Tgirl seeking an EXTREMELY HUNG, fit man. I work out 2 days a week (Cardio Strength), I enjoy cooking at home,  Champagne, breakfast n bed, and making love every night.   I want man who enjoys adventures, laughing, and fitness. Open minded men are welcomed. Aspiring model 
Theres a 90% chance Ill reply on insta ;)  ; 411  ;  
need new people to talk to  
Sugar daddy wanted. 


Instagram: legallyinsanex_ Send me your favorite song lyrics Libra Into outdoor activities, swimming, hiking, adventures. Like to meet people who have active lifestyle. Energetic but low key chill. I like positive people with good vibes and can hold an intelligent conversations. Love to travel, try new restaurants ( a fatty), binge watch Netflix (yes  one of those). Just love to have a good time! If you cant laugh at yourself, I can do it for you Jus exploring  GOOGL THIS: MEA515SEX Puerto Rican  New to the city. From Montreal, Canada.  Filmmaker / Video Artist

Dark humor, people with backbones, funny people, weird people, people who dont take life so seriously.

Give a man a fish, shame on you. Teach a man to fish, shame on me. A creative thinker and visual artist who deal with her nihilism through storytelling. 
She is a nerd and she carefully reads every wall text and labels in art museum. 
She loves putting her hands in the rice bag.
She does weight lifting with classical piano solo.
She adds the tip and makes sure the sum is an integer.
She takes a ride on shopping carts.
She often leaves food with the last small bite without being intentional, which annoys her mum. 
Looking for a Jim or a Mr. Peanutbutter! 56
Leo
Bajan
Hmu to kno more 
@libbyonthe_label Melanin Goddess!  
 #GANG
Employed.  Bye-lingual, forgetting words in 2 languages, you'll probably guess the wrong 2nd language. Enjoys petting goats at any zoo/farm. I hope you like music , was a radio DJ. South Brooklyn.  If you make me laugh Ill cook you dinner ;) New to this whole online dating scene - just looking for good conversation, and a connection .. well see where it goes from there coolest girl youll ever meet Shit, I'd date me
5'1 yes that's my actual height ik I'm short let's move on....
 Food, Languages and Running My laugh has won awards. You should hear it sometime.

*currently have red hair NYC. Lets chat.

xx 420 friendly 
Food is my happiness 

Goofy  From New York City  est. 1995
all elbows and knees and pointed toes Life's too short. I'll say we met at the grocery store.  Let's Netflix and roll.. (a joint)

6'4" singer/pianist/actor
IG: colbyelliott
Snapchat: colbymelliott  just here for a bit
queen_celfie nyc 

i'm what happens when a Babadook and a Dementor love each other very much

videojournalist, covering politics

i love film, isabelle huppert, polaroid cameras, green tea, my brothers dog, lasagna, hiking, and very little else fun loving heterosexual couple looking for an open-minded third or fun couple ;) UB 20 Nursing 
Insta: Rebecca_kaner Lets go on an adventure

nyu 20 // chalmers  // gatech 18 capricorn, ENFP, new to Brooklyn  looking for someone who plays piano so we can start this band already Lets draw n watch weird stuff! strange perceptions, fantasies, hallucinations, eerie sounds, smells or tastes, goose bumps and other kinesthetic reactions, dreams, daydreams, visions, dj-vu, clairvoyance, telepathy, sudden unfounded intuitions and certainties.      wizards, magicians, alchemists, psychics, astronomers, psyche explorers, transdimensional travelers, time travelers or non biological life forms are a priority Dont be boring Wanderlust foodie people lover brazilian Looking for Mr. Right and Mr. Right Now. Also not just into vanilla 

Swipe left if you plan on never talking, whats the point haha? Also if I know you  super liking you

Snap jalvesct

Live and work in Danbury at a medical engineering firm that designs and builds beast cancer biopsy equipment and skin cancer treatment machines

Theater is cool, lighting/sound design, and sometimes I even wander on stage.

You say potato I say vodka, lets grab a drink!

Last pic is of my dog Max A little bit of of New York in Penn State
Def 20 Tinder is tryna play me 

 Emergency Medicine 

Roses are red.
Cyanosis makes you blue.
I get tachycardic when I think of you. 

Half of you won't understand anything I just said, but hey pick up lines are a nice icebreaker. 

Looking for someone to match my cooking skills in head to head cooking competitions. Are you up for the challenge?

No bio is an automatic swipe  Looking for someone to get coffee with 

Love traveling, hiking and raves Life is like a game of chess....I have no idea how to play chess.

Insta: nmorgan2121 
Snap: nimo21212 
^ add those instead        
My English name is max.
Jewish
Just looking for a fun dominant relationship 
(ABDL sub)
I know 2 languages 
Gay?
My interests are video games, music, animals, and fun people

Message me only if your full of life fun and not going to waste my time Swipe to see a surprise ;) 
Dont text me if your going to be dry//got straight to the point ! Aspiring vegetable farmer ; shrink or dermatologist in training, help me decide. 

I love wining and dining, fashion, home improvement, and plants.  cultivating a nascent addiction to Juuling as well as a sourdough culture. 

IG: @tubobes

6 ft 2

 - Music , I like everything but country is my favorite.
- Sports.
- Tattoos.
- Teacher. Full Time Student.



-First picture is the most recent. Clown trapped in a human's body  Country Music Lover
EDM & UDM 
Whiskey and Beer 
Travel, hiking, camping  
Guys that know what dating is A+ I like drawing, swimming, biking and hula hooping. 
Obsessed with my hair care routine 
Favorite plants are mosses, ferns and lycopodium 
If you're my friend I'll def like you on here 
I'm agender 
I'm just trying to make new friends
 let me lay on your chest while you play with my hair

things i love: janelle mone, writing songs, puns, running

warnings: i dye my hair monthly and im afraid of mayonnaise

current color: silver A boy. 
Curious fit teen. 
 anonymous and you will be too.
Girls+Guys welcome Send me your best cheesy pick up line Hi, my name is Dyani!  really new to this dating app thing & this is my first time on here!! Really excited to get to know people and make new friends as well . I am currently a college student in New Hampshire & I am currently studying Political Science & History for those who are wondering. I also have a passion to volunteer in non-profit organizations that support my community. My dream is to eventually work for my own non profit organization that helps the poor and homeless.  
I can fold a fitted sheet                                   Hmu if you trying to ruin my life  Not really, handle with care. Bring me ice coffee and play with my hair please 

I took the office character quiz, I'm Creed 
? Ask me about my favorite pickup line  Red wine and summer nights  Swipe right  Yes, I watch The Office and the third pic is the real me! Life is short , lets be friends smirk  Wake Forest 19 | Econ & Math
 Long Island 

Hockey | Tennis | Baseball

Sometimes I swipe left to whatever song is in my head...this, unfortunately, leads to a lot of accidental left swipes. To the unfortunate masses, I apologize. To the lucky few, I know this great Korean BBQ place in NYC.

Functional dysfunction is the name of the game  Dont tell my friends I have a tinder. We met at a coffee shop. No, I didnt ask you for your zodiac sign.  not weird. Definitely not watching infographic show on YouTube as we speak.  really casual. Just an all around chill girl. Dont be afraid to hit me up. :) Let's skip to the meet and greet. Also,  I'm looking for tennis players to hit with.  

 Attention from men is always nice. 
Super like me cause thats what really matters Laid back sorta guy with geeky hobbies. Would prefer a relationship but whatever happens, happens.  You are the last thing on my mind before I fall asleep and you are the first thing in my mind of as soon as I wake up. Is this love or what? knock me 0n S C Snell792 too.... colors, art, the ocean If we get married, I get custody of the dog New to NYC  19 plus sized mamii
Stephaniaqueen1 
Dorks hmu 
Boricua
Parties? Hmu 
 IG: bronx_boricua19
Snap: bronx_boricua Brazilian learning English! Keep calm and speak slowly  I am just here to read profiles and make friends 

What I like?
Fire
Anime
Kpop/jrock/lofi
Funny things
Cute af animals
Food


Hello one and all!!

P.s I'm totally confused with this app, I'm sorry if I swiped you by accident   Musician. Teaching Artist.  Audio engineer. Venue Manager turned public school music teacher.

Sub. Poly. if i smiled what would my facialist Olga think

all of my photos are blurry 

keep swiping for a meme i made that didnt get enough love win me over by talking about how funny it is

generally more into dates! instagram: gianna_molina  a nice vegan trans lady from upstate ny. Actress and hostess. Making a lot of personal strides in life at the moment, figuring out whats really important. 

Way more interested in going on a date than a quick hookup.

I love dogs, coffee, acting, singing, comedy, red wine and dogs again.
In that order, at least for today. 

 new to nyc
looking for friends and dates
show me around your neighborhood

into languages, literature, arts, and dancing 

infj 
english/french/spanish/italian I'm a laid back, hedonist, ambitious, passionate, first generation American Brazilian.  looking for dates and something real.

Lets grab a coffee or drink?

510
 Brooklyn cats, bongs, and sour gummy worms 
definitely looking for something more long term
let's get to know each other 
snap:king.mermvn
ig:dv.mor Recent Grad, pursuing my Mastersamong other things So tell me what you want, what you really, really want swipe right to kiss a bug Tinder bios are the worst
Lmao bring me weed please
Also gay asf - and got glasses since I last used this app 
Oh and if you message first thats a huge +++ SUNY Potsdam '18 
IG: toriprine
Dont bother swiping right if youre not trying to pregame for our kids sports events My name is Ebony with a y 

 a fun person to hang out with
 goofy and I love to laugh and smile 
 just here to have fun. 

51. Sc: Tinyebbs I would date me

62

@bowmanontarget 
are you down doing things that you never tried before? Well tbh I'm looking for a partner doing films and if you're down feel free to check and message me on instagram

Living life everyday as it's handed to me. 
Forever jamming to music & tryna find people with pretty teeth
Insta: babynancy28
PS. If I super liked you, 99% of the time, it was on accident 
Oh, and thats my godchild  If you can impress me, I might let you take me out. Just here to chat. Send me something funny. 

Writer and comedian.

English, un poco espaol, un peu francias Ig: peeeteer101 (follow me )
I'm an Italian guy from Brooklyn. I'm an elementary school teacher. I love animals and will gladly talk all day about my pets. If you want to know more swipe right :p

5'5  originally a NY baby
need a daddy without kids
also I probably hate whatever 
pick up line youre about to use Just moved from  to  I'm not really the editor in chief at vogue :/ 

6' If I was a rapper, my name would be lil intro vert


IG: renren_ata IG: vanessa_darcangelo 50 with a lot of sass.  6'0 | NYC | SC: whoisedie Two truth and a lie

1. I'm a great cook!
2. Still haven't watch Game of Thrones.
3. I jump from high buildings very often.


 #islandvibe #Empress Super likes are accidental unless I say otherwise. 
But still say hi 
 I have an eclectic sense of humor but primarily find the naughty in everything (that's what she said!). My students describe me as the funniest teacher they have ever had...or maybe it's funniest looking...not sure. I'm silly but in a good way. I enjoy intellectual conversations but also love talking about stuff. I play video games (RPGs), love any kind of puzzle, love mathematics, and I love logic. I am very nice, always helpful, empathic. My mom says I'm handsome...that's all you need to know. Morning person, outdoor person, writer, foodie and cocktail enthusiast. NYC | Colby 21                                                 
 flexing a better woods than ya last bitch The amount of food I eat daily is "too damn high"
You'll never meet anyone worse at directions
People laugh at me laughing at myself

Game Studio Co-Founder & 3D Artist 
Roller-Blading && Ice-Skating PRO 
Anime and K-Drama enthusiast 
Mediocre Parkour/Gymnast 
Fake Instagram Model 
Graphic Designer 
Photographer 
Musician  Just a Texan, taking on NYC! Southern gentleman trying to find Mr. Right! Say hi 

 a tall Mexican 510 :) 


Snap: Mainsqueeze222
Instagram: themainsqueezee Damn boy you must be my GPA because I know I could do better  just too lazy to actually try 6'  I like photography but  not a photographer, I like acting but  not an actor. Lets be friends? Art galleries / City Adventures / Drinks Snap//Ig : Diaz26 Washington, DC
 IG @mikewusa Just want someone real!  NYC

I wanna find the guy who becomes the first and last thing I think about every day, corny I know  but romance is the greatest turn on

IG: @CedricGLB
No abs here (chubby) lol. 56

Since it keeps coming up ,  not a super masculine/hyper macho person so if thats what youre looking for its not me My memes are dank, my curry is spicy, and my depression is crippling.





No Republicans, Libertarians, or Pro Gun Gays. Also no racists please. LA -->NYCtransfer. Hit me up, let's get a drink. Beauty 
Certified Eyelash technician
Visual merchandiser 
Puppy obsessed 
Msg for sc  I'm 5'2 and am in the middle of losing 
weight and trying to live a healthier lifestyle 

I'm very straightforward, blunt, honest, love to laugh and to be silly/goofy, and always try to challenge myself 

I love's books, video games, Netflix, and hiking 

I love my dog 
 
I'm looking for someone who wants to talk, hang, and have fun doing random stuff and trying new things

I don't smoke and never will 

I'm not looking for someone who just wants those 1 night stand  hookup things. I take hot showers because I like practicing burning in hell. God first  
Motherhood
School 
Football Girl  
To know me is to love me  
I love oldies  
I rather read than party 
 boring baby 

Bible Study & Chill ? 
Whats your favorite bible verse 

Maybe  looking for you ... 

No its not that easy ... I dont like Netflix so we cant chill ... 

I dont smoke  

When the whole world lost their morals I kept & Cherish mines 

If your just looking for a hook up  not the girl for you so do me a favor &  NYC Native 
Lets talk music , food , and anime  Surprise me. Distract me. 

I wish I was Bjork. Accountant. Currently working in the city. Working towards my CPA.
Just looking for someone to make me laugh. 511 

Two truths and a lie:

I make my bed every morning
I own a juul
I like sneakers and designer shoes Ig: live_l0ve_laugh91  Teacher  beach lover  cat lover  favorite show of all time: The Office  One of the few looking for a good time and a long time 

School in Cali, and back home in NYC for winter break Future Physician  Love going on adventures trying new places to eat
 a whole goof ball 
Instagram-Emilypb__ Always looking for models for my art. NYC
Here for a good time not a long time 
Not looking for a relationship.  Friends and chat only. Just an easy going guy that enjoys hanging out with friends and enjoys meeting new people. If you're interested in a good talk or walk, hit me up.   future peds nurse 
 things I like: iced coffee, guys hoodies & tequila Good vibes Zen vibes only :) Who says? Greek guy, born and raised in Astoria queens.  Live: Upper East, Work: Midtown. 
 IT/SaaS Engineer. 

Meme enthusiast & pretend wine connoisseur in a constant state of: 



Looking for dates  lets grab a drink! looking for a new person to go hiking and eat tacos with me Kingston NY. 
Future RN

Follow my insta @eemmmyyyy BYOC insta- laurenhollandd Simply fun, inspiring and humble. Once you know me you'll like me  Snapchat- blondekay81
 whats cooking good lookin Outdoors, music, food, drink, sarcasm, good conversation. 

Yes that's my daughter 

Snapchat: crystal72189

Insta: crystaland25 Good vibes only                                             Dont hmu if you cant hold a convo                                                 Ig: eli_kose_ Aspiring MUA
Hair stylist 
#fullbodypicsallof2k19 I'm an actress and an event planner by day, so each day for me is always different! In my spare time I enjoy traveling, going to concerts, museums and exploring new things that the city has to offer!

I am a huge animal lover and a vegetarian. I love going out for thai food and trying new restaurants, any suggestions? 

Lastly, its kinda hard to explain yourself in these little boxes, so message  into food, fitness, art, and adventure.
Industrial Design Major
Allergic to dogs 
Not looking for hookups  Cash app me so I know its real. $naygotthejugo I like going on adventures. Love sports. How about we get a drink and talk  insta: @annacotrone Looking for a relationship 
I love video games and anime with a passion, and hoping to find something more, preferably without wasting my time/not looking for hookups.
I'm not that hard to talk to. I do like a lot of nerdy things for the most part. It would be appreciated but not necessary if you message me first. 

Design student 

Looking for food recommendations ahahaha Instagram: juliadriebe couldve been STEM Tacos are the way to my heart New Paltz and UBuff:) How the hell do I even start this?

... I guess there. 

So I am a college student working two jobs. I love Halloween and cracking jokes. Since  a Forensic Science major, expect some weird ones.

 one of those people that believes in if you cant handle me at my worst, then you dont deserve me at my best. So, heads up, I have some anxiety and stress mainly from work and school. Jokes and memes and my go to for relief. Lol  sick of this app Very outgoing & confident
I travel for a living  You could win my heart with pizza  & a beer  
I speak fluent Italian & a bit of Spanish 
I sing  & dance
Looking to bond with someone 
Not your typical girl 

Ravenclaw (I think of myself as Hermione, had she been sorted into Ravenclaw)

you're as far from Joffrey as I've ever met

Looking for good vibes. Love booze, books, movies, tattoos and animals. Despise fuckin fuckboys. 

7 tattoos and four piercings 

Sc: chachacagla
Ig: bestavocadonever "The Office"/dog fan, INFJ, ambivert Insert corny pick up line 

I'll buy you food

Professional buds and netflixer

If you know what "Sogeki no Shima de" is / means we a.match  


 ^-^ I can teach you English!

:  


160cm 50kg (but got chubbier in America) 

ig: rebexxa.h

 

America  12/12  1/12
Live in Tokyo  Ig:@mike_ojeda  Dm me!

My name is Michaelangelo,  22 and I live in downtown Brooklyn. Honestly  down to make new friends and have a good time, but  also looking for that special someone.

Netflix and cuddle? 

P.s I dont smoke cigarettes but 420 Friendly  Jessaye juste par curiosit et pour le fun 

Snap  : Elliegia Usually drawing, lifting, or gaming. Green eyes but hard to see, bad at photos. 
Euthanize me captain.
Ig for my art: dabigsleep -Dean's list student 
-Computer Science Major
I'll show you how to have a good time  Here to waste time and make friends age how great wed be  In a committed relationship with the gym & my subie. Future Nurse Nat  18 (facebook is wrong)
Flagler College
Lets eat pasta and have an intellectual conversation
Message me first 
Instagram: mellyrose99 I am a slim, fit Afro Cuban Tgirl. I work out 2 days a week.  in NY, Brooklyn, but born and raised in Los Angeles California originally. I am looking to meet and greet with a VERY WELL HUNG man, who ia romantic, fun, open minded, and adventurous.  It's nice to see bodies with muscles, pretty faces or look fat, skinny but the only certain thing is that when there is chemistry the physical does not matter. In these moments nothing surprises me and I do not expect anything. I know what I want and who I want to have by my side and walk together along the same road and the same goal. GUYANESE  Swipe right so that we match and never talk.

Filmmaker. Just immigrated to the US. Looking for new friends and colleagues to spend good time with. 

Brooklyn based baby twerking my way thru life Ivy grad, worked in the games industry and now for a beer company, loves sports, writing, games, anime/cartoons, reading, and swimming. Boston bred but my heart is in the Big Apple. 

Feel free to say hi! my alcohol level is higher than your gpa Happily married, looking for friends! Into fitness, cooking and astronomy. T.R Amber-Rose   

Mixed Breed    

4/20 friendly 

Hennything is possible  

Gemini 

CSI   (College of Staten Island) 

Get straight to the point 
If You Not Looking For Long Term  Swipe 

NO B.S   

I like the best of both worlds 

Keep a good convo goingor swipe left

 
*starting over new page* Penn State University I read books, talk shit, & do fun things. 

Your friendly neighborhood optimist. 
Lets meet up and have fun. 

In desperate need of someone to pet my dog when  tired, cuz hes a comfort whore. 
                      INFP
58
Zone 4 Ill drink all your patron to get me in the zone .....  just living my very best life  I am originally from L.A. I love the beach, hiking, see theatre and movies, hanging with friends, exploring the city, cooking, taking photos etc. I'm open minded and free spirited. Seeing where the wind takes me.

Live in Brooklyn and always up for an adventure. The best part of putting something on is pulling it off. 

If I super liked you, it was a mistake although the odds are I meant to regular like you. I'm not creepy.  
 Cancer
NY 510, OSU sophomore, might become an actuary at some point. Would love to make some friends and see what goes next. Always down for having some good conversations.
I dont drink or smoke.


In NYC for  philanthropist jk Future Nurse
Travel, horses, fashion tell me a joke  Mexican/ American

Instagram: sofia_mnn (It's pronounced CAR-uh)

Brooklyn. 

Busy gyal.

Peep my current anthem  (its 2018, either get to it or get to stepping.)

If you voted for Trump, swipe left. Jordan here and I just wanted to say that Simon says to swipe right.  add my SC: charleneg4 
ig: charhalliwell I love gin-based cocktails, Game of Thrones, and want to get back in to reading.
I will always do my skincare routine before bed, no matter how late it is or how drunk I am. recommend me music Dont sweat the petty things and dont pet the sweaty things
KY 22
Love dogs 
Looking for someone funny, but peng lets play smash bros and discuss the robbery of shangela laquifa wadley  US Army (Reserves) - Paralegal Specialist

LTR oriented
Love doing outdoorsy things like hiking, fishing, skiing, etc....

Not into hookups....

 i like hot wings, criminal minds and im actually here to meet your dogs so if u have a dog in ur profile pic im definitely interested also very interested in a sugar daddy Snap// sarahwood48  I love sports
I am very good at video games oh boy Looking for a third From London, in nyc for a conference. 

I like stand up comedy, walking around aimlessly and thai food 

52 20 years old 
SUNY Canton Student 
Bisexual 
Love skateboarding
Amateur photographer and artist 
IG for my photos: fallenattractive 
 shy  but down for the good vibes
If I dont answer  most likely volunteering in an animal shelter or taking pictures.
  looking to get to know people seriously, maybe have it turn into a relationship. Not just a one night thing. But I am a pretty relaxed person. So just say hi. New to cc

5'9 If you'll get my obscure pop culture references, we'll get along just fine.  I am a fun friendly girl, expontanea, very charismatic I like to enjoy people who give me a smile knock me 0n S C Snell792 too.... Netflix and chill HMU if you Mr. Right Chelsea

Food | Dogs | Tennis | TV (Veep & GoT get shout outs) | Racking up miles | Reddit | Trader Joes 

59  a weirdo who likes dark humor and cheesy horror movies ,

love it when I get surprised by people  in a good way 

I have my ups and downs , so I promise youll never get bored   and the sexiest thing ever is a gab tooth if u have it come on up first 

I find smart guys extremely sexy so
Give me ur best pick up line

Full disclaimer : I am bipolar . So know what ur getting ur self into./ 
Insta: @lexcumello 6'4" Frequent Flyer

Horrible at checking this app so check out my IG:
@MichaelRegester

And to whoever stole my antidepressants.... I hope youre happy now. Dinner for breakfast > breakfast for dinner 
The book > the movie 
Marvel > DC
Summer > winter "Do not let your fire go out, spark by irreplaceable spark in the hopeless swamps of the not-quite, the not-yet, and the not-at-all. Do not let the hero in your soul perish in lonely frustration for the life you deserved and have never been able to reach. The world you desire can be won. It exists.. it is real.. it is possible.. it's yours" Love good restaurants, traveling, nice music, and getting to meet new people. Life is good. Lets keep it positive. In Atlantic City for the night to celebrate turning 25. Looking for fun and  wanderlust. whiskey. white women. 
@t_marp  From Rwanda  
Student 
Here to make friends  Try to guess my nationality 
Just here to talk to people cuz I be bored
Follow my insta @_ami_natu_
 54
I have an accent   Anyone want a gym partner cause I need help  Finance/ Future CPA

58 If you wanna be my lover you gotta like the top row of my instagram 

Because  a messy bitch who lives for drama 

I hear Short men need love too...But I am not an equal opportunity employer, sorry

Fun fact bout me: I think tinders messaging interface is AMAZING! So much so I have never had to give out my number cuz I still see your messages as if it were a text! I know! Crazy! Looking for a cuddle buddy. Currently really sad and just want to cuddle. 
Babys all dressed up with nowhere to go...thats the story of the girl you know. Relying on the kindness of strangers... Looking for the Bob to my Linda! Moonrises, travel, and nightshades.  Tell me about the best dish you can make- or a dish that youd like to be able to make, if you cant cook.  


Live: 
Work:  

En/Fr single ,top if you really need to know. im employed and ready to meet the one hopefully message me lets see what happens Looking to have a good time and chil Not actually 31 newly single, seeing whats out there  actually 17, first name is Kateri. I hate my name so I use my middle name. Mostly looking for a relationship or friends with benefits  funny af.  always laughing at something. So make me laugh, honestly its not tht hard  def down to earth but at first  really shy 
a weird person but like the funny as shit weird uk
Snap: Tru_scorpio96
Fun 
Native American and Spanish
If your first line is gonna be about my ass please swipe left. I like Mac and cheese, dogs & the office 

Instagram: kellkoss Musical theater major, love to sing 
Could listen to Bruno mars all day 
If you could make me laugh thats a bonus Future eye doc and cool plant mom living in Brooklyn Couple looking for BBC come here often? looking for someone to chill on the couch & eat w me 
swipe right if you fit the criteria  cuddler, artist, writer 
vegetarian & not tall
trans, he/him/his
into science, art, technology, animation, performance art
kindness is sexy 
 You should message me. Youd prob have a good chance. 
I want to live my life to the fullest.
I like cuddles, old movies, and theatre.
Loves weed. #smokemeout IG  
cassidyhollands 

Teacher , Writer , Musical lover , Optimist  etc... I watch too many shows on netflix
poetry, crystals n plants - lil vegetarian bby  
sagittarius , scorpio, pisces , capricorn 
 can i trust you with the aux ?
super likes r accidental most of the time  African so you know its big. 
I row crew so you know I got strokes in me. I live in Brooklyn. I immigrated to the US 4 years ago. I am looking for dates here. I like traveling, meeting new people. I also enjoy chilling and watching YouTube videos. I dont smoke and I rarely drink. ig- kaitlieber  Haitian and I love to listen to music. My favorite color is blue and my favorite food is everything . I love to laugh so I love funny jokes.  If I find out you like pineapple pizza I'm calling the police.
I'm a 6,2 overweight 20 year old Pansexual gamer and anime connoisseur, if that's not your type just save us both time. (I want to get in shape so any of you fitness nuts can swipe right if only to give me tips and advice
Aspiring Journalist, preferably for video games.

IG: kinetic wings
SC: xxacemasterxx
 follow @sinkupdatez on instagram and twitter for updates of sink

i live brooklyn and work on costumes

big fan of bertolt brecht. also, shrek Preschool Teacher 
Saturdays can be for the boys, but Sundays are for football 
58 new year new dicks
in need of affection and attention  Trans Man (can ask questions, believe me I've heard them all)
Father of two beagle boys
Love the outdoors and adventure 
Also enjoy marathons, especially the Netflix kind.
If we match, let's chat Chill guy , into music , looking for a travel buddy, friends 420 buddies are cool too. Friends translates to friends, and not some hidden meaning for a hook up lol. I hate tinder but I'm bored, so what's up?   not good at bios so...Match up and lets see how we vibe? 


SC:asaskiathomas Insta: sarahburlesonx Hellow!!! hairstylist Simple guy who loves everything! super adventurous - Into fitness (Gym, biking, hiking, kayaking, swimming) Cultures, Volunteering, Non Profit work, culinary arts, creative arts -photography, videography, Editing. I am a Bollywood dancer and I live with the goal to do it all and to achieve it all Relationship type of Guy here ! Yeah I know  a sucker for love ! If you like Dexter we're already off to a good start; I have a french fry addiction specifically the really crunchy ones; Really enjoy taking pictures; I love sunflowers and giraffes; I laugh a lot
Instagram: @steph.attalla Mechanical engineer
Lover of lime chips

Where my swolemate at?

I love animal memes and late night Comedy

Who wants to watch GOT with me? Single, take some chances 
 "Maybe she was unreadable because she didn't want to be read"
5'6, NY -Electrical Engineering Major
-NYC
I love to travel and talk about the universe 
-Kind of a nerd, but a cute nerd
-Self employed Ideal conversation starter:

hey, wanna grab some Taco Bell?  Just looking for someone to have fun with.
I like movies, pop culture, politics and history memes. Love Philly sports, the beach, fireworks, WWE, traveling, PS4, Pokmon Go, skiing the outdoors and my Jeep! Looking for friends, dates and ultimately a boyfriend! Big TV fan too. Survivor and Big Brother are my favorites. Originally from Mexico, moved to New City NY last week. Looking for friends lets grab a drink  avid fan of dad jokes Proponent of world travel. Lover of people, and life.  outgoing and keeping up a convo is a must! Be mature / respectful. bio? idk?? Just ask Looking for a 3rd  (mmf btw) 

Tonight only 

Cutie who likes to have lots of funnnn  AMOS: miss_swaqqa
IG: jazzyflower_00 I love music, traveling, video games (ps4 all the way and overwatch fan), anime, and anything that keeps me day dreaming ( i am definetly a pisces lol).  
 into food ,trying out new things, and cooking.

I am funny at times, shy, and a bit sassy.

Just trying this app out tbh and looking to meet new people.

 Bi
Short hair is the latest
Music + philosophy + literature + fashion + ganja = happy me

Just tryna hang with chill people
Ill probably cook for you

Take good photos of me so I can get rid of these fucking mirror selfies

If ya care,  5 9 Cuddles & cannabis Lol Add me on Instagram so I know its real.  @Bee_Hiveee

Just a New Yorker in Baltimore. 

Youre going to need to have some type of Swag! Trying to find the truth, but sometimes the heart can be deceiving. Brooklyn, born and raised.
Interested in art, music & theater.  always down for a social gathering.

 a Jameson & Ginger kind of girl. (Dont forget the lime.) chill as fuck. would smoke and go to a movie
snap & insta: @amandaakier Only interested in your dog pics iTz cUfFiNg sEaSoN Theatre Performance
Made in JA 
pressive eater
Hella opinionated
Catch me watching Key and Peele re-runs
Quote vines to me and I will love you forever
No hookups. im like a juul stuck on party mode If anyone asks, we met on line at a Uniqlo

Gaymer here so swipe left if you hate nerds

Bonus points if you also rummage through SoundCloud to find nuggets of edm gold

Extra bonus points if you like smash bros or overwatch mostly on here for book recommendations NYC. Lover of dark chocolate, almond butter, and true crime podcasts. 18**
Just lookin for a sugar daddy, ya feel? Just a city girl that loves dogs and chocolate Sloth lover, caffeine addict, music fan, Self-care enthusiast, mental health advocate Series of unfortunate events

ig: kristenlavallee  I was in Moscow during the election and somehow I think it was me who rigged it MA from Stony Brook. Adjunct lecturer in CUNY system. Specialize in philosophy, particularly economic philosophy. Love to meet new people. Have fun at clubs but also enjoy a night in. Brooklyn babe with a love for theater and noodz*






*noodles Just a simple laid back girl that enjoys food looking for a hot nerd willing to go to church with me  Nurse. Loyal and carefree. Looking for something real. ~ Work full time college grad out going no drama. Junior Neuroscience Major
Looking for a Good Time... Sushi, Movies, Fun Four hot, fun, smart, athletic college girls looking for group to hang out with tonight!! (Juliana Abby Chrissy Kennedy) DM for bikini pics Kinda ugly but a 6-inch personality to make up for it

Probably will waste ur time but if ur into that go for it! DOG and CAT lover Ig: angelica_sardo Brooklyn 21|NJ

Instagram; brianaalyssaax0_
Thick thighs and pretty eyes 
No time for games Londoner!
Medical Student!
Sometimes I can be witty!
I will save the witty remarks for the conversation!
Clever opening lines will win a prize! sculptor, artist assistant and lead fabricator from santa fe looking to kick it with someone who is kind and down to earth and see where it goes

designer, former D1 track athlete 

Fashion/art/fitness

Consistency, loyalty, and openness   

61, NYC De temps en temps on met de ct son insolence et on se plonge dans l'ignorance. Et l'criture apparat d'un savant mlange de ces deux qualits.
Alors j'cris des chansons, des textes et des pomes a la guitare .... Short, round and funny looking. 

I love old video games, 80s music, dessert, sleeping in, Kate Bush, cats, being nice, funny movies, snow days, flying dreams and traveling. 

Tell me about your favorite album/your favorite place to go. if theres a truck or car in ur picture im automatically swiping left :) Being fresh is more important than having money
61 Not looking for a one night stand or hookup,so if thats what you're looking for keep swiping.
Mom of 2
Spookychick, Metalhead,horror and gore fanatic/lover, concerts are my go to. Outdoors and Traveling
50% Puerto Rican/50% Colombian
Bbw
Pansexual Pineapple does belong on pizza. Gemini & Concert enthusiast. Slut 4 sluts. Vegan 4 nonhumans.  in nursing school. Future nurse midwife. If you dont have the right intentions, stay out of my way Great Vibes  Looking For something real  Dont waste My Time  Be My Peace  I love dogs. 
Looking to meet new people Plants and dogs are more reliable than people. His name is Carmine 
Hes so fine 
He sheds his skin for me
And maybe Ill do the same for you im just out here to find some cool peeps to talk to, memes and in depth convos are my thing, you could never go wrong with that 
im not looking for hookups or relationships
hmu if youre just willing to be friends 
also i dont smoke weed so stop fucking asking  hmu if youre tryna buy me rumplemintze shots until I yack or am comatose, whichever comes first 

Serious inquiries only

Ig: @bebeskravitz chaotic good   a little jelly bean if ur fucking boring dont swipe right Just a New Yorker living in LA. 

IG: @mariyagordon_ Let's see.. Travel/ fam/ dogs/learning/working/ community service/politics  
Lived Germany /UK for college  back in nyc working  just moved here, i dont know anyone yet (: 
going to college for nursing
im not looking for a hookup
follow me on instagram 5'8

I'm just a big ol' teddy bear living in Brooklyn. My fifth year enjoying the NYC adventure. Still so much I want to learn and do. 

I love: Music. TV. Dogs. Laughing. Cats. And sweets.

I hate: inconsiderate people, cilantro, olives, and insects. 

I am actually looking to date and find a relationship. Also more  but don't like to just jump into that.  Message me & tell me why you swiped right.

 actually 23  IG: matryoshkadoll_  Hola. Hello. Bom dia! just lookin to be a range rover driving soccer mom
d1 ~jogger~ i like tennis and going to the beach with friends!! i really want someone who will be there for me and wont be fake. A single and extrovert model who is looking for some fun 
Lets talk on snapchat  ashleyk977 wa Lesbian lookin for women Something real 

Dates, friends, LTR

54 man theres a lot of people from high school on here & people who just love the gym  from NYC
I really love vodka
Green tea latte with soy milk and toasted white mocha 
@nikolawho NYC 
Insta: kejsikaca  a Taurus 

I love makeup and drawing ,  st.lucian  511 Artist, writer, visual magpie. I have a super dry sense of humor. My life is an absurdist comedy - come laugh along with me. The ability to enjoy simple pleasures is a must. I love good food & cooking it, so ideally you would share my enthusiasm and maybe we could even cook together. There are few things, if any, that are sexier than someone who can dance. I will stop to pet any dog that crosses my path. 

Not interested in people already in relationships. Lefty, both physically & politically. Roses are red, violets are twisted. 
Bend over, youre about to get fisted 
HMU lets party Free Spirited Food Lover
TRAVEL / Live Vicariously / Love Others
Always Up For A Good Time 
IG : ovo_perfect Girls only

No romance 

Just wanna tie u up and make u beg Can we be lovers and friends 
Fmoi; _pnutt215 SC: Originalbeautee 
If you cant hold a convo, dont bother. Aquarius  ; & , College Senior 
Dont be Shy. HMU.  into friendships as well. Hmu on snap or ask for my number I reply faster. my hair color changes with the seasons
IG: maddy_brannon Trying it out. I never know what to say in these things......
But to make a long story short: 
I love traveling, I pretty much run off coffee, and I'm slightly addicted to wine. Tell me a cool fact Not really sure what to say here but  open to conversation 
Vietnamese  
Bonus points for fun facts and corny jokes Love to dance. Need someone that can make me laugh. my mom wants me to get wifed No hookups,   5'5
Memes, youtube, ig 
Art, lit music, chocolate, animals 
Double jointed lol
It'd be nice if you weren't boring and had a good sense of humor 
Ready to be disappointed Grew up in Brooklyn 
I love diners 
I am 8 feet tall
Still have moviepass 
Open relationship -goofy
-I love food  
-Capricorn 1/3
-Employed 
-Dancehall is everything 
-5ft  
Jamaican gyal 


Follow me on Snapchat>>> prettygirlshan7
Sometimes  I forget about this 
Need a FRIEND 
Lets go out and have some fun  artist stoner loser bored Looking for a plug 
This is my favorite game on my phone
I draw and sing and sometimes  kinda funny 
Love: Jazz, Blues, Flamenco, Hiphop and Soul.

Why so serious?

 lookin for a ravebae that will go on food adventures w me 
brooklyn born n raised  Toeing the line between earnest and sarcastic

Lets hang What can you give me that I cant give myself? i like dick Probably taking a nap  UMD '19 Temple University School of Engineering 



IG: jackiewheelin Dream big the sky isn't the limit!!!! @Lyubov_trudova 
convinced not feminist! for equality of rights but against gender equality!
looking for a normal relationship, in order to cook breakfast in the morning, watch movies, and eat ice cream under the covers Looking for an adventurous travel buddy  my life these days is just me constantly waiting for the tequila to kick in...
insta: peytonwhite99 i had a c/d average in high school but i still have common sense ;))
snapchat : imalilah transgender PhD student, quiet and kind of nerdy  Hi.  just trying to meet more people, if that leads to more then great.  chill, honest and open minded 

Geek 
News Lover 
Latino 
Hunter College 
6 Tall 

If I can be honest I dont know what  doing and thats okay  Plenty of fish in the sea they say. 

Where the fish at then? I'm a laid back guy looking for something serious someone that is kind hearted and understanding and not about them self. I'm a gamer and love anime as well as DC comic books. I'm tired of being lead on or used and forgotten I'm a medical student who's going for patient care services and cna and I work part time Swap rock collection pics and chill Loves to have fun. Lets be friends and take it from there. Open to dating. Bowling,movies, museums. 
Writing and literature major
Loves anime and gaming Music teacher 

Sorry in advance for my over use of the GIF keyboard, but I honestly think  hysterical  

Things that always surprise me: matching with muscular guys #curvy Just fun girl looking for a fun time, if ur looking for someone to travel w then  ur girl Happiest boy you will ever meet! Always down to have a great time! I love new adventures and sports but always love chill time as well! 
Goes to school in Philly, but from NYC area.

Don't be afraid to message me! Docs in the club, bahn mi at the bar 

Biology + Creative Writing 

I like dancing badly

Give me one good movie kiss 

  Adventures & concerts are kinda my thing
not much of a drinker but i sure like to smoke (rolling skills better than yours) Brooklyn | Denver | Amherst 
Mad rad, your favorite Asian.                                  Two wrongs dont make a right but two facts make a deadass. Can I get a yerrrr?         Halpert looking for my Dwight. But can you do a back flip? 
Pan
Outgoing, Funny & Free Spirited.
Open To Friendships Or Relationship.
SuperLike Is By Accident, Unless I Know You & Did It On Purpose.  looking for a part time adventure partner
if i cant cook vegan food for u... ur not the one
insta @tchicc Temple 17

If I super liked you, theres a 95% chance it was an accident  Heyy.. i am a european boy..just moved in here..wanna show me around?? :)) 
My insta: mr.vik22  Say hey  

p.s. if my pup doesnt like you, I probably wont either  Why am I on tinder? im asking myself the same question. 
* I dont hit anyone up first, so .. say hi im a sweetheart   . 
* 411 ,  , IG:@Tjpxo 
* College sophomore  

IG: @adorejazmin

Dancer 

Looking for a guy with a nice vibe. So, dont hmu to waste my time or think you gonna fuck, (cause youre not) so thank you, next  im a mess but youll probably like it Brooklyn,NY. I like sushi and dogs 
Lets smoke and chill
If you dont like the office than we probably wont get along 

NYC based an aspiring woman of leisure lookin for some sweet hangs // fun connections // maybe just someone to take an afternoon nap with

goofy and kind and loves ketchup 
Dietitian in the making. I like art and weed
Very into astrology so tell me your sign(s)
 just here to flirt with medium ugly guys

Follow my Instagram- its.partoftheaesthetic Italiana
Instagram: alyssafumento American International College 
Occupational therapy grad school 5'5"
@vyczie_dorado_art  
 Brooklyn Recently moved to NY to study acting.  honestly really bad at summarizing myself. Up for conversation and meeting up..so hit me up.

511 You can call me but you cant use my phone. Newish to Nyc . Cool guy .   61 Judge Judy is life I want someone to look at me like my dog Fairly decent for fairly decent. I go to school and work. My last semester
Just chat see where things go. 
 
 cool like to go out 
LTR Portuguese
Westchester NY
Instagram: mariianna_reiis
 Director/producer originally from Hong Kong, proud to identify as a Southern girl. Vacillating wildly between geek and jock. Still not sure if I want to try to be a competitive eater. Go Heels. 

HK>NC>LA>NYC

IG: wyntonw Just a city girl in a small town world Knows the word for food in every language  
Something about me: I never text first
Snap: sarcasticomment
Insta: sexiiadri Lets talk about anything & everything 
59 Ask me about my unicorn horn TLH>ATL>NYC 

FSU Acting 18 Alum | Hiking, Reading, Theatre, Film, Music, Outdoors, Memes*, any of that- hit me up.
*quality memes. None of that weak shit fellas

Tryna get back into rock climbing! Lets go 
Insta: Bandaniel425 Snapchat: ctuttle57 
IG mua_court_ If you cant hold a conversation, dont even bother to swipe right. 
College grad 
Batman is my favorite. 
Latin trap and house music is my life. 
Snapchat: olivejooose
#nocreepzone 
 I NEED ATTENTION , let me sing to you tall so....57., you should toonew tongue piercing  We Can't Talk If You Don't Wanna Talk 24/7 I like meeting in person , No catfishes plz
19years old, just looking for good vibes and someone I can have fun with emotionally,I love to sing, Big Potheadand  wierd someone gotta spoil meif you not tryna do that then you can keep swiping  I barely swipe rightand remember..IM NOT SENDING NO NUDES SO DONT ASK over being single Avid supporter of the Oxford Comma Really 21
5'2
Snapchat r_fulcher2015 Can you tell I like a goooood classic mirror pic

Please dont ask me why  on this/why I swiped right.

IG: sevdi_simnica dumb bitch

@johnxparvin Open to possibilities, or lack there of... this is Tinder. Looking for that special someone to play Smash Ultimate with 

5"8 
Brooklyn is home, in NC until 1/3
 Recently moved back to the city
Pescatarian 
Work out enthusiast 
Love  &  Hey, SLAY with me!
Fashion, Film, Food, Friends and the Nature
English et franais may have a rbf and use too much sarcasm  bad at taking pictures grad student  new to the city
infjsagittarius

likes: movies, R&B, relevant memes

surviving the subway one podcast at a time

Looking for a guy who can rap ja rule verses while i do ashanti ad-libs Hello beautiful people  im here to make some friends & have a great time and enjoy life .
 I'm a slim fit Spainsh/American mami from brooklyn new york born and raised i love sweet treats ,420 ,shopping , money , UFC, vacations 

NO creeps/weirdos 

My snapchat : Angieortizx76 
I don't have Instagram  Me: Tinder is a waste of time
Myself: Then why do you even have a tinder?
I: Right!! Stop complaining then
Me: Cause i have a bad habit of letting trash guys waste my time.
Myself: Finally you're being honest with yourself for once.
I: Amen!! You ain't never lie

Swipe right...so we can match, collect dust, and ignore  the fuck out of each other(I'm wet just thinking about it.) Because that's clearly the trend..guys are such dumb motherf%$!#ers! Excuse my French  NYC
IG kingmvlik
Dont be boring pls ! 
odd rhythms and minor keys
mathematics as ontology
eschatologically
inclined

bonafide aspirational 2nd gen nuyorican Theres 10/10 chance Ill end up liking your dog more than you....unless you provide pizza. 

Currently accepting boyfriend applications 

Gym Hiking  Biking  etc.

IG:Thomasdatrain_ I'm just a guy from Queens trying to make it in this hustling and bustling conundrum called life. Huge sports fan (mainly baseball, Go Mets), as well as a comics and anime fan. I also like video games and fishing. 

INFJ  looking for a husband periodt Looking for a date that starts with a drink. 18 
adventurous 
laid back 
kind hearted 
its whats inside that counts
bii Hi my name is Emily and I am looking for a love interest on this app Sweet 4 sweeter
 
 Lets party
Tall boys only Have to enjoy everything around my life! Nothing really. Need a job tho. Lmk. really into post + cute dogs Brooklyn  I love to cook, and I write about food for a living. Lets get coffee, take a walk in the park (maybe not in this cold ass weather !) and cook together  Can we go on a date with your dog?

Too much energy. Laughing my way through adulthood. Help me practice my French!  Let's get coffee and look for lizard people Colombian  talk to me about anime Short, chubby, chill. i love my job I've been waiting to meet the love of my life in a bookstore but that hasn't happened yet so

rly just looking for someone to tell me where the best place to get a breakfast sandwich is Young, energetic & looking for fun with girls &to make friends. Open to networking with males and expanding business ventures. Just bored love traveling 
from Austria  Marvel or Dc 

Hi I live my life in a vicious circle of, sleep, work, and getting obliterated on the weekend. It is what it is 

If your up for a convo cool cause  always up for one too. BS in Psychology; Law and Criminal Justice 
Looking to connect and vibe w cool people 
If  not working  probably home smoking listening to music or walking my dog 
Don't hesitate and hmu  Brooklyn ,21
Ready to meet new people Seeking: great blunts and great dick travel enthusiast from Germany 
living for good conversations, friends, concerts and vegan food  *18
 honk honk. am i a goose or a car? too bad u will never know
511 Potatoes gonna potate From New Yawk (NYC) 
Drake enthusiast
Good enough to be a professional napper

Show/movie recommendations?? lets talk music n philosophy ! 

recently got a new doo and kinda look like brian may Not 23 whoops Bi. High. Hungry. Horny.
Activist. Model. Writer. Friend. Student. Stoner.
Poet. Professional storyteller. Performer.
5'9
Communication Major. Theater Minor.

Looking for
Food, dates, affection, attention, 
edibles & cuddles 
CONSISTENCY & INTIMACY
SD?

Photographers let's shoot!

Ask me about my trip to Puerto Rico last July building roofs or my trip to Morocco & Ghana last August where I studied Black Political Identity in a transnational context Anthropology. Alligators. Aquarius. If I say something funny I probably saw it on Twitter 
ChicagoJerusalemNYC
 Rn nurse and nail technician  a catfish lmao. I be looking hit I hear you like bad girls? 
Well  bad at everything New to the area and looking for friends to show me around. ill only answer if your pick up line genuinely makes me laugh Outgoing, sweet, hardworking, funny 
NY  Yooo 57 & Fat.
Brooklyn 
Tryna find the ye to my Kim  
No hookups
Barely on here so follow me on ig @kirampossible
Bi NJ idk what im doing here, but im bored and need a distraction i guess? but if you love art, music, literature, and just interesting conversations... i guess im person for you lol. In an open relationship with a man. Looking for fun and connections with local folk. Runner, cyclist, jam band enthusiast. 
Come on a hike or to a show with me.
Med student in Brooklyn i love cats and french toast Hey!  It's me, a college student trying to get out of my hometown. I'm constantly anxious and have a love for music, mental health, and Zelda (plus many other games)

Pansexual, and exploring my gender

Talk to me about anything nerdy or how our country is a crippling mess!  Gamer boba  anime  introvert  chinese/american  drawing  hypebeast xd blackbear. Love a good happy hour 
@ big brother casting please match me
I probably dont want to hook up with you Enjoying everyday. Looking for friends 
Pilot - photographer 
Yoga, music, food and airplanes.
 Ig: kimwitczak Australian in NYC. I make music and talk shit. Modern day Mrs. Maisel
Probably eating cereal
 Lets hang out  Here, queer and intolerant of beer

Iso dates and friendship

@hannahcakelley I've never broken a bone and I like to sleep in Professional nap-taker by day, Mac and cheese connoisseur by night Know any riddles? Australian accent included.

Writer, political junkie, and puppy enthusiast. 

So competitive I once got a tattoo for points in a game.

Please have a dog. Biochemistry is my passion. Getting my masters of science in molecular and cell 

I love food, nature, outdoors, meeting new people. I am a pretty simple guy, quiet, reserved. Chill guys hit me up and lets see where things go! Gwendolyn, Northwestern class '18.  CA native, professional twirler, coffee addict, and certified punk ass. Looking for a nice guy to hold my purse when I get into fights.

If you don't know how to laugh at yourself don't worry, I'll do it for you. 

Possibly an alien in disguise. 
Music nerd from Bach to Tupac Crown Heights. looking to make new friends, have some drinks, and maybe have a little fun too. please be old enough to drink. 

keepin it casual. hakuna matata Looking for a fun time  I love animals and I am studying physical education at the University of Michigan. Fitness is my life!! HMU for some fun talking  Working in education.

Live UWS
Work Chelsea I play the flute and go to music school and if you dont like the Rite of Spring I wont talk to you. i need pals
ig: saishatang :) message me on instagram: @emory.mcdowell chubby girl from brooklyn so u best know how to handle a lil attitude yurdddd 

i once posted a ss of a shirt from travis scotts online store to ig and he liked the pic lmao

two of my posts on subtle asian traits got over 1k likes so im kinda a big deal

(just tryna meet people) Youd think an English major would have some suave, eloquent paragraph as a bio, maybe throw in a deep quote and a flower emoji. Think again.  evil LI/NYC
      63
@christiangpolli LHUWS 19
insta: carlyspinuzza Based in Brooklyn, work for a creative agency, and also write extensively about HIV/AIDS for my online archive I run called Our Viral Lives. Into travel, food, music, wine and films. Looking to connect with passionate, socially conscious folks of all types. No racism or transphobia will be tolerated. Basically always lost. New to the area Some quick facts: 
5'9," Russian Jew, Brooklyn baby, majoring in psych and gws.
I like to eat cheese and drink liquor... so clearly I'm a wild one.                                    How weird you wanna make this? 5"11 | Colombian Scan my snap code
Harlem 
Got a Snow White whore for you
Ski supplies 
Ski tickets 
Gold bars of m 
Loud on deck too At the intersection of champagne, 80s synthpop, and Ezra Klein thinkpieces you forward to your dad Pre-Med student here and struggling. I take my naps seriously.



I have clumsy fingers and bad coordination so if I superlike on accident  sorry, I was creeping!  Here to flirt 6'2" Jewish, BS in Hospitality Mgmt, traveled to 36/50 states, recently moved to NYC from Boston  really short. 
Dont know what  looking for tbh. 


 Brownie points if you can guess where  originally from 
Snap: zaynubmj waddup potential suitors~
my names Mara, I drive a cute car and I like art. in need of a witty man who gets my humor and treats me right.
will call you out on your bullshit Moved to NYC this past May, working as a research assistant in mental health. I play the piano and sing for fun, among other things. Looking for more than a one time thing!  i was bored I like to laugh. 
If you can make me laugh, Ill go on a date with you. Same New Yorker shit 
If you have a dog I like that shit 
I like eating  

Also just cause my insta is on here doesn't mean you can slide into my DM. I put my insta so you know I'm not fake. So get out my DM thank you  venmo me $5 and ill fall in love with u @MeganKei

dont dm me on insta pls Insta: evchaa_ I am an elegant woman who has only been to drivers re-education two times

: great british bake off, animals, podcasts, scary movies, i guess candles? soft clothing? most things that are soothing

: magicians, cilantro, republicans


 Brooklyn college i live for good music and good conversation

bonus points if you can go off about both the main pop girls and progressivism

BA Political Science 18
MPA 19 Insta- marebeearr I work in art and live in Brooklyn
No republicans !! https://www.instagram.com/kailyn.mattera I just moved back to the States after traveling around the world for a year. Now  quickly turning back into the workaholic I was before the trip, but  still traveling quite a bit for work and for fun. 

Looking to meet new friends in the following cities:

Chicago
NYC
Seattle
Utrecht I try to be nice If you think you can match my greatness, swipe right  Brooklyn. California born and raised. Getting my masters while teaching Special Education on the UES! Always up for an adventure!  CU mint > mango Ask me about womens participation in religion in Roman Egypt!

Current classicist, future librarian. Native New Yorker. NYC. Originally from Kentucky 
New to the city, 
Moved here from LA 
Looking to meet new people!

Snap: mheymann Brooklyn based  Hands down funnier than your ex Zendaya is Meechee Entrepreneurial guy looking for friends, dates companionship etc. masculine, brunch lover and a huge Giants fan as well. Bottom bunk  these sexy photos of me make me uncomfortable I love Harry Potter 

UMD Alum  In the best state meet the best himEven if everyone has been hurt in a relationship, I still believe in love, what about you? If you are looking for fun.... Have a nice day! Aspiring Illuminati member
I like to reward myself after working out with half a bag of mini Reeses
Send me a link to your favorite TED Talk
 Instagram Madison_Moss Guess what  mixed with or what language I speak and youll win a prize.

Dealbreaker: I smoke cigs Secret talent: Wiggles ears. 
Perfect date: laser tag, go- karts (youre going DOWN!) and rollerblading (Or I could fall down) Coming from many different places with more places to go.  looking for adventures and to connect with an open mind as to where things can go.

Always down to watch The Devil Wears Prada.

Poly/open NYC.                                                                Civil engineer. Feed me tacos and tell me I'm beautiful 

If I know you, I definitely swiped right. 

I'm very go with the flow. Not looking for anything in particular but I'm also not against anything either. Whatever happens happens. 

4 tattoos, 4 piercings, 2 Leopard geckos named Larry and Georgia.

2 truths and a lie? Or a corny pickup line for bonus points?  58 and looking for dates! 

I enjoy working out, playing piano, tennis, photography, & vodka.

I once told this guy  allergic to shellfish and he brought me to a seafood restaurant on a date. I had an allergic reaction. Take notes boys. 

  -   , ? Idk...surprise me;) Venmo me  broke @elimoriarty french fries 
fuck capitalism & fuck white supremacy

let's go on a date pretty tall. born & raised in miami, now living in brooklyn. i work in music & go to a lot of shows. insta: toripueblaa
ur not funnier than me Ukrainian girl  guess youll just have to ask I am looking for a relationship not a hook up.  a very laid back down to earth type of person. I dont play games and I want someone who is smart loyal funny loving kind ambitious and family oriented. dont swipe right if: 
 Youre a serial killer
 You dont like Marvel

@tayy.li Just a bot,, sad boys who read to the front  Mostly just pale, nerdy, and sassy Hello my name is Mason and I'm a Aquarius. I'm 6'2 , A little shy and but once I get to know you the rest is history. I'm extremely generous and kind hearted.  very fun and I like to laugh. In the same token I'm very low key person. I love culture, traveling and trying out new restaurants. Feel free to leave a msg   A good balance of Hermione and Drake 
I only love my dog and my bed  sorry  5'5 looking for a good time Looking to meet some new people.  actually 22 lol Aspiring Actor/Writer/Author. Super interested in Pop Culture like Top 40 music, fun restaurants and good coffee spots with strong coffee  Super laid back and enjoy me time but also love being social and going to bars and seeing live music! If any of this interests you dont be shy and hit me up! I dont bite!  5'11 Goddess, goofy girl who loves pizza and adventure.   but I'm also a homebody. Period. I was on the news for a street interview on the 2016 election. And I didn't curse once! 

If that's not proof of my impeccable character I don't know what is. Hey,  Jae  
Wassssssssuuuuuuuup ?  10/10 would recommend 6'0
Foodie
Lover of the Arts Looking for the Ariel Pink to my John Maus
Trying to start a hypnagogic pop band
Send me your favorite song!
Insta @gullibleskeptic
 IG: Parisling

When  bored with nothing much to do, I swipe on here  Coffee enthusiast if you cant already tell I used to be a scene kid and if  being honest I still kinda am  Looking for fun and dates | Verse | Brooklyn born and raised | Mixed ( Trinidadian and Puerto Rican ) | Starbucks and Mot Ros are the keys to my heart. good food, music, art, n weed is all ya need
Bing 2020 Looking for sugar daddies only  Colombian | NYC. 
Fun & outgoing  IG- chme24 single , model , looking for a good time hit me up on snapchat shannonbaby656 dont be shy  brooklyn native
artist 
recently took up weaving
collector of tattoos Ever listen to music while on tinder and end up swiping left to the beat? Yeah... me neither. UNC 20 58 ( a twin) 
Like intellectual, assiduous, humorous guy :p Hmu if youre a gentleman. No hookups 6'1"
Looking to explore my bi side 

Small talk is the worst, teach me something new, tell me what you're reading or what your favorite song is, something 

Books | Dogs | Dancing | Traveling | Food | Yoga | Board games 






 looking for sugar daddys only Ging 

Grab the booty and buy me ice cream.  I really like dogs, dancing, and musicals. Bonus points if you can sing. from wisco but live in NYC

if your age doesnt match dont message me lol looking for my Instagram boyfriend
adequate ukulele player. amateur model. 
professional ramen eater.  
Need a man to reach the top shelf for me cuz ya girls shortttt (55) 
#baruchbabe
 -Slam poetry 
-Dog lover 
-Corny joke enthusiast
-What's your happiest memory?
- 

Complete the vine 

I thought you were ____ turns out you were just fam. 

Come to Del Taco they have something called _____ ! One time Emma Watson saw a pic of me and said I was cute

Aimlessly drifting through my first year of postgrad, looking to meet interesting people 

Marginally less of a tool than my last pic implies Artist at heart and LTR oriented. Trying to see what happens when the wind blows.  Ik i look fat but more to love
 *disclaimer: may appear taller in pictures than in real life* TCNJ 2019
Accounting major and Criminology minor 
I love the beach, painting, photography, food, football, and a nice cold Guinness 
Trying to find someone to go exploring with me 
P.s. Dogs are my spirit animal I draw art. Yall should commission me. Insta @sallylapone I caught diabetes from treyway. Blasphemy  18 I dont know what to put on here but i like to play video games and im always down to meet new people
Instagram- n.ishababyy
Snapchat- nishaxmahond
Playstation username- nishaaaa007 Does anyone date anymore? 
Mexican  | Sagittarius 
God is everything  Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you. 
So that was my totally lame pick up line to kind of break the ice. I had one that was much better, but it was a Christmas one and unfortunately the season passed. 
But if you want to hear some more cringey pick up lines, swipe right and lets get to talking! The one and only rural juror. 

NYC, Developer, Columbia University grad student, constantly on the search for a good meme. Equinox workout buddies?

NUMTOT Two dimensional girl seeking three dimensional tinder randos. Must be able to read and write. Sapiosexual. English and Italiano A Greek girl with many interests exploring what NYC has to offer. Better friend than a partner. But  a pretty dope friend (esp when enjoyed with benefits). looking for someone to vibe with & My name is Gabriella. I can probably drink more whiskey than you. I make art, and that is all. I have a suicide pact with my cat TU Biology Its too hard to describe myself in words  anyways.. I just moved to NY (super excited) and I am looking for awesome company... friends only, (and I mean it :P) who I can share my journey with :D Send a message and find out... lmk
Venmo @Francesca-Woodbridge  Ohiyo
 Transgender Not good at sports, but  amazing at Karaoke. I have very fucking long hair. I have a glorious tattoo of Bill Murrays face in The Life Aquatic on my arm. Cant resist a cute guy who rides a Harley. 

Not here for a husband. Also not here to hook up with strangers. Craft beer, Harry Potter, doggos, comedy, improv, podcasts 

If you send me a nasty message, I will post it on Instagram 63

                                                                                         Mr. Rogers was the most revolutionary artist of the 20th century Canadian  Founder of my very own non profit that focuses on bringing non profits to the cloud and small businesses. enjoy watching romance and comedy movies. My favorite thing to do on a rainy day is eat watch movies in pajamas. Just here for friends Happy and love enjoying life Love smiling and being open mind not looking for hookups . 
IG:katiiemartin Just friends nothing eles am a shy person!! Nd a bit coketa !!? You'll catch me breaking asian stereotypes, 6'3'' Your mom would love me 
The bunnys name is Lyle 
Good at science and crying in the shower I like dogs more than people As tall as a baby giraffe, just not as graceful. 
Drexel Film  Love Movies and Reading and Partying If tinder is good enough for father john misty its good enough for me

NYC
   

 ,  ,  

Envoyer ton message en franais si tu peux pls!  they/them. 
queer & polyam.
infp/hufflepuff.
5'2"

i play video games, work, and sleep. mostly, i just struggle. getting my master's in social work 

am i real?? find out next time on dbz.
tbh i'm just exhausted. 

looking for queer friends and cuddle buddies and more  Just a girl looking for a good time just tryna hit ur juul Psychiatrist
Vegan
Pisces
Little spoon


58 dont waste your super likes on me. I love ramen, but I might love you more though Graduate student 
Atheist
Eccentric 
Visiting If I get banned one more time i swear to god.

I am far too lazy to type my BIO OUT AGAIN

Tell me I'm pretty as fast as you can because who knows when I might kill myself

I'm free all of January and I have LOTS of Bionicle to share 

I repair watches and cars and I love birds :^)

where is my anime trap bf 
Reasons why you need to check me out.

*Baby Cosplayer
*Love Nerds
*Animal Lover
*I cum like a champ LOL (Haha)
*Down to meet new ppl
*CamModel
*Freelance Model
*New in this place
*I can be a handful, topped with sarcasm and sprinkles of bullshit. Haha

If you think i am worth a shot. I have something to offer on my INSTAGRAM. So you better check me out and DM me   >>>    juliesweet05 If you ever need a teammate for The Office trivia night,  your girl. 

Make me laugh! Add my snap ilyawilson1  a master of karate and friendship for everyone 

( 11 yr old court lied to make her fb account so  actually 18 haha) Yo!  I'm Jean Pierre (Ecuadorian, not French).  I love music, food, politics, reading and writing.  Good music taste, ambition and intelligence are huge pluses for me.  Still Emo

stage management, assistant directing,  psychology, and other social sciences 
Queer
59

Send me your aesthetic nudes and ill rate them 0-10

*breakfast not included Young professional living and working in NYC. Would love to find someone to explore the city with. Just a bad ass chick in heels! 
Not trying to find my soul mate, just a beautiful soul who loves to live life! Oh and I dont want to f*#k your man!!  5 
Drink socially 
Dont smoke 
Active lifestyle
Not sure what  looking for yet. 
snapchat ; Igetsilly (only if we match!!!) 
Insta: ari.rz5 (just made it) @charlottesparo A middle eastern doctor in the making!
Visiting New York for some time  :) 

Traveler, well educated and a club man 
Swipe right and lets have a chat  or maybe a drink  aging think Professional dilettante. Animal lover. Degrees in English and Philosophy. Avid listener. Jack of all trades, master of none. Attempting to love life.

Friends + LTR oriented

Follow me on Snap:  @wsacerio From ATL 

I like money conversations  Cat lady Lover of God, food, sleep, and parties I finally caved and downloaded Tinder. NOT on here to kiss mitt romney Dont be fucking creepy. ig: miamazza_
sc: miamazza23 lookin to have a good time with some cute guyssss Little but Loud 
*20 years old 
Led Zeppelin & Girls Personality rates 

8/10 (with food) 
3/10 (hungry) 
9/10 (with food and drink)
1/10 (too many drinks) 
10/10 (with food, drink and dessert) 
8/10 (coffee and books) corny right? 

Seeking 11/10 (with someone) 




511 155 Sometimes I'll start a sentence, and I don't even know where it's going. I just hope I find it along the way. and STICK IT UP YA BUTT

dundee award winner! A true gentleman.

Attorney, from central/northern NJ. Enjoy golf, shopping, dining out with friends, cooking, concerts, museums, animals, architecture, politics, adventure and travel.

Love history, studied Egyptology at Hopkins and Brown. I did products liability litigation, now a federal law clerk.

Let's get  or go(hiking) or see  send pics of your dog not of your dick Hi I'm Sophia, I have a lil catch for you if you're interested to have a hang out with me for real. Not playing games, Not fooling around ! I want to Get out of the box, since I'm broken hearted!! and need some cheers up lol follow me on Instagram Account: 

sofieofficial2 BloomU 
Insta - carliroeder
shoot ya shot
dont b boring  they/them bi, poly. appearance just a conscious manifestation of light. looking for someone to talk shit and eat ass with.
no im kidding(?) we can chill and see where it goes. 

show me ur art!

where is ur Venus?



ig @bisexualeraser I'm a chill and person. I love relaxing and watch tv and movies or reading a good comic book. I'm a more of a DC girl though then Marvel though lately DC movies suck. I a pretty simply person. I'm more on the big side from NY originally Drinks, computers, Netflix, junk food and a couch. What else could you need? Shawty from the 610 
Snap: tiggg070513 Sometimes I think everything is a sign. Sometimes I think nothing is real.                Fuck Donald Trump. I watch anime and quite a bit of t.v. i also enjoy movies and going for walks.    Hoping for the best, expecting the worst Let's just say that we met in Paris. From a brunette to a blonde So much to say in so few characters... Born and raised in Brooklyn. Foods that contain tomatoes & chocolate are pure bliss, my world revolves around art, & I love a good adventure!

Shall we start a conversation? Harry Styles told me I was cute once. They say romance is dead- let's double check? Writing bios is not my thing and will never be my thing. 
 deff not 20 18 Pastry Chef

Find me at a Car Show or Sixers Game 



IG: rosemaryellenava EMT & Nursing Student 

Planning a thru hike of the AT Spring 2020 date me, your mom will probably love me. Die hard Rangers fan. How are we supposed to hold each other down if we cant even hold a conversation fun. can you guess where im from? 90s dance moves. Chicken and waffles. Seltzer. Sample sales. port CD singles. Cooking! Creating things. 30 Rock. Max Bloom. 

Does anybody actually reply to messages anymore?

61 Drinks  
Working out  
Reading  
Video games ig : _jnovella I love to sing, dance, and talk. Love music in all forms. Very open to basically any genera of music. 

 never going to be the first one to message, because I know I can muster up the courage to say hi. I wanna know if you have it too. 

Music is my life
Vegetarian

Snap: williewariii 

And hands down if you like (or even know about) Warehouse 13, you automatically win my heart
 Somewhat new to New York, and looking for someone to explore the City with :)
Big fan of brunch, dive bars, and a good place to see the city/ catch the sunset. Show me your favorite spot?
ISFJ and 5'9" if those things matter.  a tgirl and im into women only Need someone to love me as much as I love 80s new wave (which is an embarrassing amount)

nyc native w the requisite attitude I dont know what I want, but lets smoke a cigar together Icy, wifey, haters wanna fight me.
    
1. Will there be chicken fingers?
2. Wanna get hammered + go to Target? if you snore swipe left INFP

Mentally ill 
I like guys who message first, plan dates, and dont demand my number right away

I dont like snapchat  not average or typical 
BK->CT
59  just trying this out right now.... IF YOU CAN BRAID HAIR , WE ARE MOST LIKELY GETTING MARRIED! jkjk
( I match energies)  
~60 ft
~PUERTORICAN  and INDIAN 
~I'm actually 20
~Scorpio 
~Fashion Issa big ting for me 
~Hookah, Weed, Hennessy
 ~Positive vibes
~Blunt af
~Knowing the difference between your and youre  Soft Aries From Baltimore
Creative director / ceramics / jazz / community organizer / turtlenecks

Where my qpoc at?? Send me memes From Denmark. Now Living in New York and working for the UN. i make jewelry, play roller derby, and wish i had a pet hedgehog. id name her Scooter.

whats your favorite movie soundtrack? Chef , business owner ,  sweet heart , 2 degree mami 
If you dont know the words to computers swipe left 
I want sleep for Christmas 
FOLLOW @shadedmelanin  Just wanna make friends 
Send eachother memes
And maybe? Just maybe? 
Or NOT!!!

No selfies cuz I hate people that I know in real life


Who trynna break my mf heart?  Game of Thrones fanatic
Take me time-traveling
Slightly awkward and clumsy
Plus-size
Avid Baker
Star Wars
The Office Bears, Beets, Battlestar Galactica Don't look at me too long, I start to get ugly 23*

New to Brooklyn 

Lets get higher 21 years old, Italian  
-Ig; rose.aspromonte We stan a valid meme 

Send dog pics, not dick pics 
looking for something stable 

Always down for a good music rec 

I love a whole bunch of shit, but cant fit it in this description so feel free to talk to me about it  Interested in making new memories and new adventures

Likes: 
Traveling 
trying different foods 
Music 
Laughing Future nurse I'm a fun person to be around.. looking for someone special. I'm a lot of fun to be around  Looking to date. LTR oriented.Really shy at first but very talkative once you get to know me. I work full time and I go to school part-time for nursing. Ask me how to get extra chicken for free
KU
Volleyball
Snap kenndakidd32
Ig  ohboykenn3
Bi Tacos, gummy bears, horror movies #TeamPS4  happier than I look fat and <3 my cat Native New Yorker
Brooklyn
 Breakfast for dinner 
I want to live on a Beach.
coffee is my daily drug
@Mikkey718 I was bored Dad jokes and dad bods A business owner 5'1 lil bitch from the OC I am outgoing person, kind, understanding,loving, somewhat funny,smart, and love to explore different thongs. I enjoy hiking, biking, hot yoga, working out and other simple things. I am looking to meet someone get to know them and eventually have a relationship but I am not looking to hookup.  Applied Math Major, Dance minor looking to see what fuckbois are here from hs i never know what im doing lmao  new to nyc / show me around the city / just wanna make some friends wholl play video games + make milk tea with me  

i never remember to check this lol but DM me on insta @deadwit and ill reply!  brittneyx95 
ig- tharealjah NJ
20yo

Architect Major
If you wanna get to know me, ask me any question
I also have some best pickup lines my hobbies include doodling, dancing in my room, and candy crush :)
 Brooklynite
Laid back, chill, down to Mars kind of gal.
Yes  a dancer, please dont ask if  flexible i rep brooklyn nyc and love donald glover
hmu with party deets 52:) If you like live music, food and being an over all good human being we should get along swell Small town girl I was told to fall in love. 

I'm kind of obsessed with black emojis. 




 Sexy mama  biggest freak every(add my snap @babycakezz24) Medical Student
Cutie
Looking for a real one Binghamton 2019 ig: jjedrychowski VS Pink campus rep and aspiring trophy wife. 
Probably somewhere in Homer B library.

UConn 20 New to this. Dont really know what to write. Real New Yorker, I like to do real New York things. If I know you,  swiping right 

totally down to lie about how we met lol 

Not looking for just a hook up. That girl that was bing smokeshow twice lmao

Pls no head games just here for a good time or maybe something more :-)

My snap is brequod

Also  57  4th one yall, this app wack 
skate fast eat ass
professional concert goer
gemini Swipe right and we'll take it from there :)

Instagram: zakssolace Foodie, theater goer, couch potato, adventure seeker, animal lover, bookworm, family oriented and dancer.
 Matt's the name, swiping right is the game. Born and raised in Brooklyn. Architecture gradate from  the University at Buffalo (As of Dec 18). Very into politics (or at this point anti-trump). 420+ Love exploring abandoned buildings and photography. Love deep and insightful conversations about the world we live in and where it is headed. Love traveling and dogs. Not that big on parties, love to chill and talk. Real instagram is Calcading. Actually on here for a relationship. LGBT Lifestyle Blogger - Julianpatrickr.com 
I enjoy working out and eating sushi 
.

Am open to dating.  run on & 
Brooklyn native
sensitive bad boy
I'm cool get to know me
based on a true story                                                          
good natured piece of shit 
INTJ I am on tinder to make friends the same way I am on Pornhub to see the plumber repair the sink.  Sensitive intellectual iso cute dates and more if it feels right. Just your typical sadboi musician. 

Cancer sun, 57, he/ him pronouns.

Can typically be found at my piano with a glass of wine in my hand, speaking French to Siri, or walking around NYC listening to Carly Rae Jepsens EMOTION.

Say hey, I dont bite  Born and raised in brooklyn holla at me if ur actually grown, mature, respectful and not sexist! Thanks https://m.soundcloud.com/beatrice-mirzoyev Tall, sassy, somewhat classy. Gym rat, podcast-obsessed, introvert cursed with many friends. No kids, dont smoke, 6 tall, love Netflix and traveling etc. Honestly drink too much whiskey, eat too many fries. Here for a good time not a long time. Knowing and caring for yourself first is key. Save us some time and swipe left if youre short or a Trump-worshiper. ONLY FOR SERIOUS INQUIRIES. Looking for a serious relationship. Someone who also interested in long term relationship. 28yrs, classy, and educated female Not that cool. Has cute dog. Snapchat:only_desiia
Instagram:only_desiia Fitness girl someone come to the gym with me  Major: Business Management / International Management 
Minor: Economics and Italian 
Obsessed with tacos  
Norwalk, CT Avid Netflix fan. Stage manager. Halloween enthusiast. Cosmic brownie connoisseur. Be kind, be considerate and understand intersectional feminism and systematic racism. Dont ask me why  here or tell me youre here to have fun or make friends. Just be a normal person lol and lets go on cute dates :) Performer. Traveler. 

New York City. Danny DeVito is my spirit animal
Led Zeppelin all day long
Will provide references upon request
Lets watch movies all night
Expert behind the stove
Bio still under construction (just like my life lol) Always staying up later than I should
Currently engaging in my midlife crisis a little early
Dont be afraid to shoot me a message, I always try to respond
Tell me something I wouldnt know Hmu if you like oatmeal  So Paulo / Brasil 
homophobes stay away 
420 19 mom of 2 not looking for hookups if youre not goofy dont talk to me Are you a hooper? Gotta thing for sneakers  Booty and brains  I love to laugh 
I'm very passionate and compassionate, motivating and helping people, very observant

Always down for a good time! Don't be a stranger! Film student at Rowan University
I like drawing, painting, sculpting, writing and deliberately picking up my cat and putting him on the kitchen counter. I also like watching scary movies and sending cursed photos to my friends.
Yes, that's me as a kid; no, I'm not the little boy from The Shining  Currently trying to assemble a Dasani gang. Looking for some hydrated ladies and gentlemen to take the town by a Dasani storm.

Post-hydrofuntional. And if u dont fuq with that then u dont fuq w me. Tech entrepreneur
Wanderlust
Doer
I probably follow your dog on the gram Youre all pigs. Bye   a sweetheart, very adventurous, funny, outgoing. Dont be shy to hmu  And if you tryna be freaky, youre at the wrong profile. Current senior at Marist studying psychology and political science.  a big fan of horror movies, Mexican food, and I love going for runs every morning.

I am a sucker for cheesy pickup lines and my guilty pleasure is Taylor Swift 

If we match, feel free to say and follow me on the gram: @ajliberti Book suggestions welcome.

Queer.

54 but 62 at heart. 


Instagram: Elzephyr_

Venmo me $5, I'm a broke college student. Elzephyr_ if you are well versed in the art of good conversation, enjoy cold beer with authentic Mexican cuisine, and appreciate house/techno, classic rock, or 2000s music, then feel free to apply dvu20 I'm just someone who likes to enjoy a nice cold beer and who loves to have fun 
Looking to meet new people, new friends, brunch partner (especially that one lol) 

Insta: Anthony_romeo17  Cool girl
420 
I have a bf
Vegan
Not my president Taurus
Chipotle is my life  IG: cece_lee_99
FB:Qee Cc
WeChat ID: LeiZhenMei (Name: 21 years old. Thomas Jefferson College of Nursing 2020. New to Philly. 58  
Architect 
@maxibutler_  
If I Super liked you I probably thought I was scrolling to your next photo on bumble...  California//Philadelphia  

    
Instagram: asimp23  Favorite  : The Four Agreements
What are you currently reading? 
Food is the key to my heart   short, stubby, and cute 

Only slightly kidding about wanting a sugar daddy I dont I work on Wall Street I lied Zelda in the streets but Hilda in the sheets



Alexa, play sad violin infp cancer semi narcoleptic architect

Live in Brooklyn work in Manhattan Why waste time, say lot word when few word do trick ? Wildlife Biologist, Software developer, Bruce Willis third cousin twice removed. 

Just moved to NYC in August. Looking for friends maybe more.

Likes: Long walks to ice cream. 
           Hiking to noodles. i like food and weed thx boo  If your profile pic is a Snapchat filter swipe left Loves travelling Work in television. What show are you hooked on right now?

From RI live in BK lookin for a cutie to lift some weights with
if you have tattoos thats a plus
dog momma
unfortunately a phillys sports fan PSA:
caution-wetfloor.tumblr.com

Visual art, performance, gin and Roohafza. Feed me and tell me  pretty

If I know you  swiping right 21 years old
Baseball fan 
Animal lover 
Italian 
New York
Dog mom  Brooklyn, NY 
5'2
I love wings and guineps                                        Minimalistic insta:dgold28 currently studying in Amsterdam  | Berlin  @sourdoeband on insta / Facebook 
antifolk musician / artist
she/they
Virgo sun Sagittarius rising Virgo moon
i am tinier than I look 67 if it means anything vogue entertainment assistant, film + women's studies grad, generally stoked. 19 
Junior
Psychology major with a Pre-med concentration 
I know  ugly but Ill make you happy 
 not looking for the type of fun youre looking for . 
I just like to chill and look at the stars .
No fucking idea what to write here , so wassup?
Oh I forgot my interests , ahh I love to travel , eat ( thats obvious look at me ), love to chill on the upper east side. Thats pretty much it bud 
 Always said with out the queen the king is hopeless 

But this queen be attracted to all the fools  where my hopeless king at  I've had all my shots.
 Softball
Insta: jfitz_09 Gryffindor, looking for similar

Currently come with a beard 

BOSNYC Gaymer from Brooklyn here. I enjoy going out on an adventure, dining, billiards, cycling and dancing. I work almost every day but I try to find time to do a little of everything. Looking to meet some cool people. Make friends. Date. Hook up. 

 I'm a bottom. just lookin for someone to kick it with 
if youre not a fan of big dogs its a no for me
keep in mind, nobody likes a fuckboy  Abnormally mediocre and a professional procrastinator

Bears beats Battlestar Galactica 

I'm friends with Mary Jay Just a young man full of love and looking for
Love ... Originally from Athens, Greece visiting NYC. I use tinder to make friends in the cities I visit; not for dates or sex. I prefer meeting black people. Very much into black culture. Please only swipe right if you want to be friends and explore the city together! Just looking for my future ex husband or my Soul mate is fine too  insta @christiana_deborja likes in no particular order: westworld, comics (mostly independent but familiar with plenty), video games (favorite is overwatch atm), harry potter, star wars, comic cons, fashion, makeup, music (typical playlist includes anything from kimbra to fleetwood mac to the smiths to drake to demi lovato to no doubt and so on. i love classics and inDiE but pop is fun )

im a total ENTP Tats are my drug
Born and raised in Italy 
*no hookups*
Hate small talks  Insta: brookejacobi2  awesome. Be awesome. 

Languages, traveling, cultures, learning, music, weight lifting, fitness, sharing and more.    

Working on my PhD right now. Just got back from fieldwork in Istanbul. Kids in photos are my nieces/nephews. East Village native, Brooklyn resident. Interests include travel, history, biking, hiking, kayaking, health and religion. 6ft/183cm People < Animals NY for the weekend.

Philosophy grad student at Pitt. Recently moved from Chicago. Into books, wine, and happy people  Volleyball athlete and nerd thats always exploring, always seeking new talents. An old soul with excellent taste in music. Love to learn about what I think I already know, open minded and adventurous.

25
Brooklyn. From the Caribbean 
Love to travel  music and shopping
Looking to meet new people 
Looking for someone to spend quality time with No, not Elvis Presley !  
Like to meet new people and create friendships. Like to hang out in the city and explore new places. Also like to read , eat, watch Netflix, and have conversations about anything random. Finance major
Italian and Portuguese
Capricorn
 Love movies, books, whisky. Frequent traveler.

Filmmaker & director of business development at a blockchain-based arts startup. (Its not as boring as it sounds, I promise.) Hockey enthusiasts.Mario Kart legend. Horror movie addict. Drummer. A slut for adventure.
 Huge gamer, mainly league and some overwatch. Fooodie and photography. Listens to Trap, Dubstep, Hardstyle. 
E/INFP-T 
Slytherin  a very down to earth person, I like to have fun, very family oriented, very passionate to humankind, smart/geeky, enjoy trying new things, very adventurous, etc No stupid questions.
Croatian  Swipe right and get to know me  all smiles 
art, techno, crossfit Buy this American girl les baguettes Dominican  
 Hydrate or die-drate

She/her iso emotional literacy, however and wherever it presents itself My boyfriend broke up with me so he could go on tinder dates :) Aspiring author and a huge book nerd! Ill give you recommendations. Planning on adopting a cat soon!

Huge foodie. Slowly going vegan

I aimlessly swipe on cute people and great bios. Honestly, if we match, I won't message you first but I will definitely be happy to reply and get chatting. I'm an introverted nut.                                                  

INFP. She/Her

Looking for some new friends.

Cap sun/ Scorpio moon/ Sag rising/ Pisces Venus , lets talk Marvel vs. Dc  Make me laugh

Insta: Gianna.michele I like art and film stuff. I do art and film stuff. 

Do yall niggas do anything else besides smoke weed and eat ur mothers groceries?

IG: @_baejing Aspiring MILF Hello my name is Hope.
Plant-based | Toms River NJ 
   a Personal Trainer at Crunch fitness 
   a Certified holistic nutritionist 
 a down to earth person so if you have any questions feel free to askpeople 53
 Allergic to nuts Moved to NYC in November! Graduated from Stanford University with my BA in Theater and Performance Studies last June. My goal is to become a teacher one day and work with students of color in arts education.

I love photography, Pokmon, and Hot Cheetos. I enjoy boxing and swimming if youre into any of that!

Lets grab drinks? Friends and dates are cool. If youre tryna Smash thats better 

(btw the first and last photos are the most recent of me) nj // nyc ku-ku human being, creative, activist, traveler, seeker 

Seeking meaningful connection 

@david_piazza

 *Interesado en conocer gente para practicar mi espaol*  Blondes make the best victims. They're like virgin snow that shows up the bloody footprints 

Wagner College 17    >                MU of Varna 

Brooklyn girl , based in Varna 

If you have a pic with a dog/cat in your profile, i def swiped right because of it 

  P.S: barely active here, dm on insta  deniis_t i hope the dad shoes arent a turn off (last pic) I skipped English but I cant write anything creative for my bio. Swipe right so I can stop trying to think of one. 510. Last pic is me I swear wanna be the papa u can be the mom I like a guy with a good sense of humor 
Also not looking for a casual hookup.

If you have bud hmu  My weakness have always been food and men- in that order. Looking for a dance partner and friend ... (?)  Just out here trying to survive!

Psych Major//Music Minor

 Hi! I am just a 24 year old looking for the Peter Kavinsky to my Laura Jean. 

If you dont believe Dr. Christine Blasey Ford do not swipe right. 

I work in theatre as a stage manager so my schedule is always changing. I enjoy parks, good food, watching tv, and reading. Top date places would be a chill restaurant or a museum (tell me your favorite piece of art!). lookin for something about as serious as a 7-day free trial of HBO The heart is a muscle messy, queer, tall, and very prone to selfies and sunburns. i hate apathy and im allergic to your cat.

she/her Trying to pass myself off as a spy. Traveling, fitness, and all the adventures. Rather make a connection than a one stand. I teach 5th graders English and Language Arts. I just moved to New York from Tel Aviv. I was there for Grad school. I really like biking around the city, eating really good vegan food, and cooking.  looking to meet new people, and connect with like minded humans. I just need someone to watch Jeopardy and Chopped with maybe the occasional bad joke. . Leo  studying to be a veterinarian technician  Linguist. Librarian. Balkan traveler.

 a huge proponent of fun. Dog enthusiast frozen yogurt lover
Puerto Rican and Italian  but dont worry I wont slash your tires if I get angry.
Beach bum  
Down to earth and definitely too nice for my own good.
Up for anything adventurous or outdoorsy.
On here to meet new people and see where it goes 
NY  NC Just Chillin, working on building my Empire!  
 
What am I looking for?? Lol my iPhone to see whose texting and calling me.
 
Hmu let's chat, 

If we match... *record scratch* 
*freeze frame* 
yep. thats me. youre probably wondering how i got here..

someone play super smash bros with me

 breweries and cheese plates (keep ur blue chz plz) and rock climbing Shy but cool??? iso emotionally intelligent cyborg who likes ramen and watching rare vine compilations 

what movie should i see next?

 Elementary school teacher with a tacky tie collection and sweater vest obsession.

Alex Trebek  Pineapple-free Pizza  Hiking  Biking  Puns  Adventures  Pink Starbursts ig: @jamesjacoby

62 Good communicator / listener looking for real connections Or a brunch and museum buddy! 

 a hobbyist analog photographer. Other interests include (but are not limited to) Pad-Thai, traveling, finding little hats for my pet tortoise Boba, and learning new things. 

Currently bearded. 

Tell me what youre passionate about? I laugh at my own jokes.  pretty much an open book just ask me. I like to cook act read write and eat. Ummm  sarcastic and goofy. If youre looking to fuck dont swipe on me.  looking for an actual relationship... I also  do long distance relationships so if youre into long distance relationships swipe. if you can guess where  from Ill buy you dinner.  if you have an accent, I might just marry you. I guess you can add me on snap and message me if that works. @purpleblaz3 I have a dog so I can get you past the gate at the dog park. Love being outside. Hunting is my favorite. My dogs pretty cool but my cats cooler. If I'm not working I'm probably sleeping. Looking for a man that has priorities. Not here for games. I don't message first. Make it through my awkward phase and you'll see I'm a fun time. Adventurer  Avid Reader  Coolest nerd  Old soul  Taller than you @paulovasconcelos I am a slim, fit Afro -Cuban TSgirl.  I work out 3 days a week- Cardio Strength Training.   originally born and raised in Los Angeles California but now reside here in NYC. I have thriving career, college graduate... Here to meet and greet fit man today.  Must be in shape, fun.   Watch The Magicians on SyFy. Anything too good to be true is sus 
Food enthusiast
 Hello I'm Stefanie and I'm here because I need to find a partner. Down to [FUCK] with me in front of my [CAMERA] and to get recognized as my legit partner. If you are interested DM " LET'S DO THIS " on my Instagram and I will explain the detail. 

INSTAGRAM : _sexylady23 I'm a Sociology major who lives, works and goes to school in Manhattan.

Be my reason to delete this app. I'm hopelessly, pathetically romantic and would much rather spend my time on sappy, cliche dates than endlessly swiping to find one. 

In the interest of saving us some time, if you're just visiting NYC - please swipe left. My clingy, Scorpio AF ass isn't wired for long distance ANYTHING.

56, 155 lbs. 

IG: @tylerssimpson
SC: @tylersimp16 INFJ. I love my mom. I like going to sleep early and waking up early. I may be a 40-year old man. 

Interests including running, hiking, photography, playing basketball, going to the beach, overthinking, and stressing over things I cant control. 

LTR-oriented. Well get along if apps make you want to bash your head against a wall. You think this is bad? You should go to Burger King. 
Fun is life 
Converse? Just say talk. I like 2 finger myself and watch porn....  Fun fact about is I love watching tv shows on Netflix, love listening to music Public Health major w/ music minor
Here visiting for break, lets chill Friendly, Born and raised in Brooklyn, musician, loves to laugh, super chill Bachelors in psychology 
Animal lover golden retriever mom Just wanna have a good time i love rainbow cookies Vocalist and guitarist Looking to collab with fellow musicians! Big hearted Leo lady  Looking for hook ups, friends and maybe short dating here in NJ. For the month of January and February Just looking for something casual, nothing serious. I am a Sous chef of creativity at Le Bernardin in manhattan, but I live in Bushwick. I am originally from Florida and love summer. I love to eat out at new restaurants, go to the movies, have a picnic at the park, etc. I go out to bars with my friends maybe once a week and I love to smoke weed.  very laid back and looking for something more serious without settling. I am a vers bottom. I make beats , I write and rap.Draw too. Not looking for relationships. Just friendship. 19 not 20.Negative Energy , Follow me on ig, listen to my music  UIUC
Twitter: @_Kvsh 
Lookin for friends  (or a boo ) Teacher. Masters Degree. Dog lover. Going to concerts and traveling are my favorite things. I am looking for someone who is ambitious, has their life together, and has a sense of humor. 
If that is you, talk to me  beer. meat. mountains. hip hop. and sandwiches. Accountant, Mom, adventurer Just putting myself out here. Looking for dates that lead to more. LTR orientated. Have my life together and just looking to add a partner in crime.

Swipe left if youre looking to waste my time and yours 

Swipe right if youre sick of the games in the gay community  Italian 
Too Gay to Function
Electrical Engineering Major
Harry Potter, HufflePuff
Dog Lover
Music 
Broadway 
Disney  biblophile Puerto Rican Bitch   I just wanna have a funny conversation with someone. Instagram: @linds.delahoz
Grad Student I have no idea, but here I am. 
Tattoo enthusiasts 
A Brooklyn Goddess
I make fire playlist. 
Pansexual 
5'4

Let me dress you 
Needs someone to take photos of me 
Words are everything. Choose them wisely.
If discussing uncomfortable things make you angry, we probably won't get along. 22, brunette,INSATIABLE, from North Carolina, Looking for some laughs and interesting stories to tell my friends about my Tinder dates  I'm not the girl you'll marry. But I'm the one you'll be thinking about 20 years from now while you engage in polite sex with your boring wife, who fakes her orgasms to make you feel better about your recedingg hairline... Hangout?  down but there's a catch just Message me on INSTA to know what the catch is....
IG: missclara142018 Medical assistant 
Mama to a beautiful little girl  New to the area. Looking for friends, fun. Just going with the flow.
Workiout, travel, drinking buddies??

Works in the healthcare profession.

 I have an on and off relationship with tinder Originally from Mississippi, NYC for 8 years
 Work in Tech
 Love to Travel 
 Fitness enthusiasts 
 Enjoy dancing both in a club and in a class Just looking for casual fun. Nothing too crazy, just trying to spoil a pretty woman 

Social worker and urban agricultural specialist. 

No Trump supporters or hunters. Not a good fit.  Ambitious, kind hearted, & always ready for a good laugh. Always bored Fun, goofy, and a bit of a menace. 

LA native, NY transplant. Living in Brooklyn. 
I find its easier to get to know someone if we meet up!  I am Christian and serious about all aspects, kind, positive. I'd like to meet good interesting people here. I am interested in friends. If you are looking for fwb, hook ups, one night stand and other weird stuff, please, don't bother me.
God bless you! -Just relocated to Harlem from Cali

-Team blackberry (don't judge)

-If you love Game of Thrones and Power we will definitely get along 

-Sometimes I like being on top lol

-Love working out (yes I squat lol)

-I want to have fun not be tied down, I just got here I want to get my feet and maybe something else wet first

-Super like me so I know it's real I'm looking for a guy to postmate me food please just send me $$

Whats your net worth? Sometimes  like  but most of the time  like 

6 looking something new adventure :) Ask me about 19th-century labor unions Questions? Just ask :) We won't work out if you don't like dogs  Newish to the city.

Friends & dates would be nice, but its 2019 

Trump voters swipe left 
Dog owners please swiper right  Brooklyn 

Sagittarius 

Italian

Probably on here because I was bored and wanted to see some sexy faces  I am a fun friendly girl, expontanea, very charismatic I like to enjoy people who give me a smile knock me 0n S C Snell792 too.... 57, half Chinese/Italian, poly blue jean bi baby

Avid classical singer, knitter, and local returning home after 5 years in the Bay Area. God I missed good pizza 

Lets get all your dealbreakers out of the way: I prefer tea over booze, I dont stan 4/20 (but you can if you want), and  not here to sleep with your ugly boyfriend.

To those of you who answer with three words or less: You get what you give. Make Mom proud and be a decent human being, pls. I dont like social media, so lets go out have a drive and Ill tell you all about myself  Lets have drinks!  I love anime, korean dramas, music, and naps. I love both  and .
  into writing, music, binge watching, whiskey, yoga & every cute dog i see.

NJ  NYC

56 (but 57 in my winter boots) bit of a troll brooklyn Always down to raves and festivals 
I miss 100% of the shots I take 
Adopt me as your friend i like to read stuff, watch stuff, look at stuff, make stuff, etc. etc.
showers regularly, can hold a conversation, educated, cute butt, open book. Tiny but mighty. Greek/Mexican. Sarcasm runs through my veins. And tequila. And beer. 

And my favorite color is blue...what else is there to know? I fix jeeps for a living
Lets get a drink and live alittle 
Brooklyn. Open minded, social introvert.  Living in Queen Village, working in biotech. Into reading, philosophy, politics, self improvement, psychology, and consciousness
65 Just moved here, looking for friends
Working in Fashion. Living in Brooklyn  NJ > South PHL 
Social worker & grad student 
Short babe 
         

Tell me about your favorite horror movie. Brooklyn-born with a Midwest passion for cheese curds. Extra points if youre already familiar with their many wonders. Points also for: good taste in beer/coffee, theater, podcasts, politics, and The Office references. 

 I am an easy going guy that loves to get outside and explore new places, based in Philly. I spent 6 months and a summer in China, which was an amazing experience. I am very passionate about my career, but I always make sure to take time to go out and explore some new places. I love to snowboard, go biking, play guitar, go to the gym, watch HBO/Netflix/Hockey, or check out new restaurants in Philly.

5'9 165 
If you can't hold a conversation, don't bother. brooklyn baby Just ask, and I'll tell! Designer with nerdy interests
 I LOVE to travel, always down for a good movie or concert - God first
- Looking to meet nice people 
-  no good at about mes but I swear  a fun person I like fun daddy 
Insta kalkalis.11 Some friends take pics of me now. 

All Puerto Rican, all the time

Still obsessed with Harry Potter. If you like history, I'll probs luv u.  an early education major. I love yoga and painting  TU21
SPURS
fav song??
Insta @erinebecker Passions include: yellow, the beach, speaking French, netflix, reading, soccer, and sunflowers
International Development major, just trying to make a change in this world
looking for a travel buddy Here for Harry Potter pick up lines. 21
Ambitious 
Benevolent
 born
Snapchat: Niecy185                                                   IG : they_call_me__niecy
If its for hookups swipe left 
If u got a girlfriend DONT slide in my dm. Thank You! Looking for genuine vibes 
Probz wont match bc  picky 
If we do I see some cute in you 
 actually 21 
55 
Singer and Rapper. 
/3 of Mixed From Sxratch 
 ~Taurus,  ~Libra,  ~Aries 
LIVING BREATHING UNICORN  
Colorful being inside and out. 
If you cant tell by my hair, my personality is vibrant and vivacious. Therefore dont swipe right unless you can hold an interesting conversation! 
SNAP AND INSTA
~Oopsitookyohoe Park Slope
New friends Polish girl currently living in nyc I (Barely) Exist

Likes kpop, reading, anime/manga, animals, memes, food and sleeping

Uhhhh idk what else to put. I can't bio

Theatre tech major The Bougie Black English Teacher from the Lauryn Hill Interludes

Interests include: Hip Hop, Photoshop, #Aesthetics, Elaborate Pranks and Radical Pedagogy

Myers-Briggs is a farce (ENFP)

Leo, obviously

Made in Brooklyn, loved by moms everywhere Flat earth thruthers only Full of memes and mom jeans. 

Last 3 pics will show you what you're really getting into.

Very liberal, very tired, very full of oreos. 

Dudettes : I just want your consent to touch your boobs. 
Dudes : Basically the same plus soup dumpling dates. I make videos. Seeking big fancy camera with a nice person attached.                                                     
22

Really vegan but we don't need to talk about it.
@chairelouise Hello  Mikey! Super out going guy who like going to Museums, movies, art galleries, edm and different type of restaurant. I enjoy working out, long walks and going different Concerts.
 also a gamer play league of legend, dota, dota2 and maple story. I draw people on the subway, befriend stray cats, cry at musicals. Show me your favorite view in the city, or favorite film!

In an open poly relationship; dont be shy

Extraterrestrials please swipe right 

 Ig @eunjikim.97

No hookups 411 
Afro Latina 
Love driving in the rain
Homebody 
I dont smoke or drink (my personality dont need all of that  already all over the place lol)
Love watching movies and sleeping 
Anything else you wish to know just ask  a open book.. I spend time painting, cooking, playing piano, and hiking

I have a cat named Gustaf who is like a dog. He is my king

Here for friends and dates If you dont blow your Capri Sun back up after you drink it, then youre boring and should swipe left.. Hey!  super chill and very into my career. 
 into going on dates and building a connection with a man. 
My IG is @ava.a.grey (add me there because  barely here). I stand against intoleranceyou can read about my activism on my instagram. I am a woman of post op trans experience.  havin propaganda casserole!

. . . .    . . . . Sup
Insta- AlexaErnstini hmuuuu ,
unless u a fuckboy
ig:michelleminichini Blah Blah Blah I have one gray hair and its v cute. Fixie enthusiast. Yogi. Musician. Crate digger. Mixologist. 

Lets smash...  SW-4266-0891-9506 Brooklyn

Student 
Healthcare Worker 

New Friends Needed

's
Soca
To Laugh 
Good Food
French Bulldogs
Tequila, Vodka, Rum
Embracing Other Cultures 
 No Threesomes/ No Poly-Anything



 basketball player  We aint fucking love
im really 20.
Smoke a lot of ganjjjjaaaaa. match it lol 
Anime feign 
Trap Lover 
get to know me  Back from holiday, help me find my will to live please. Brooklyn born & bred

Stanford junior
Libra 
Disclaimer, I swipe right on almost everyone I know for funsies shooting a music video in Little Rock on 12/28 looking for LGBTQ people and couples to star! Hit me up if this interests you. Me: Musician performing under the name Johnny Darlin. Looking to make connections in this place!  Jazz major at Morehead State.
Just here to meet new people and see where things go.
If we match, text me 
 NYC


I just like to meet new people.

5'3 since height is a hot topic on here.

 

SC: AlexusNicoleee I am here for the free boba teas 


Chicago  dogs
music
dogs Lil baby who might listen  Just looking for someone who can make me laugh and binge watch crappy t.v shows with me.

I guess I have a thing for black and white pictures 

Snap: hanna01239  64
Look for that person where you can just chill on a random Saturday night, cuddle, and watch movies
Give me your best/dirtiest pick-up line 
Premed, volleyball/working out, video games 
Insta: Darryl.packard 
Please, call me Vida  
Whats yo sign
What's yo numba 

420

 Seeing whats on here , message me tho Dog dad, 5'11", 95 kg, bi, top, INTJ, terrible photographer, Viplove is my real name. 

Generally jovial guy, ambitious,  driven,  alpha as fuck! working out, anything physical.. Treks, camping, climbing, martial arts. Very career and family focused.  Yes you can be both. 

I super like on purpose.  It's because I want to 

Anything else? Let me surprise you...

NYC: Jan 9-19 Whats the worst that can happen? 
Smart, funny, & cute 
Sc:vickyy_x26 I can hold my breath for a really long time. NYC
Single

58 I like my men like I like my coffee, tall and sweet My blood is South Korean but I was born and raised in Brazil
Mathematician
Former college athlete 
My hobbies include tennis, golf, gym
If it matters, I'm 59

        My greatest inspiration -Elton John
The Best I ever had -Ur mom  lisatrosh Aspire for the most forgone goals, guess what? what was forgone centuries ago is in our presence today, so any doubt you have in your mind about the currently infeastible goal should success wane in your new obtainable aspiration.
       -Dwayne B. Send me memes  58   ENFP Fresh Brooklynite, aspiring superstar.

I may have a terrible taste in pop anthems, but take me dancing, and Ill show you a time and a half!

/ snap  brigittestfu
twitter  @jpeg_morena
  
I need some FRIENDS so just hmu & see what happens (lmaoo idk what to write :// ) NYC girl. Love traveling, music and good conversation   easy going.  looking for friends and anything depending on you lol. I really like gym, Cooking and hang out with friends. However im dog person also like cat  .  Love all kinds of music and peopleGREYS ANATOMY Please dont swipe right if u gon waste my time and dont be boring talk to me from NYC so  cocky In love with nice eyes  got a 4.0 so not a dummy here. 
The wise build bridges, while the foolish build barriers.  Designer and goofball

Lifes short and  shorter. 
(56 on a good day) an awkward theatre freak that doesnt like broadway; but i design lights

i need a pokemon go buddy because i hate walking around alone nyc

you can put a lock through my ear  4th best pokemon player in New York state New Yorker with an affinity for lazy Sundays, mafia movies, old music, booze (and brews), late night talk shows, a good read, and journalism.  actually a joke if you get to know me, into having long conversations about random topics, if you know random facts about Dwight Schrute hit me up. jokes. jogs. jazz. NYTimes crossword.

80% dry wit. 

[i-a-n-a] Instagram: @nichollesadkhin INFP Only listens to Bladee drain gang ceo 55 1/2.... cause it matters
Mediocre guitarist 
Cats>You
No, it's not pronounced like nugget...SoundItout
(Najay)
 just like Larry David, just not old, bald, white, or Jewish. You can be those things tho....                    
SC:Nadiastone96 If you can keep up with me....you can have me  seeking stimulation

offering / receiving mutual support

lol lets have fun and be our best selves together and break down worse and build up better Fuck with me you know I got it Actually 21 | Can hold a conversation , Intelligence is a turn on Want to get to know me? Take me out. Date. Drinks. Height matters  57. Up here for work. Hope to meet new people & Looking for a vibe, a connection and more. Dont waste my time. Hit me up, talk to me, otherwise, swipe left Couple. We dont brunch. here for a good time not a long time 
Insta: @younguncle__
6 Looking for friends to hangout 
Love gym , ski , climbing, horse ride , camping and all other adventures. Into electronic music , clubs and traveling  Hmu on Snap / IG: estebano.mf 
Latino 59 
Brooklyn
Looking for my sugar daddy to buy me stuff






Jk only amigos  here for just a bit. Not looking for a hookup ( here for work), but send me your best restaurant and bar recommendations!  
Loves food 
Vibes and energy. 
Dont lie 
We can be friends Moved here from Australia, very new to the big Apple! get you a girl who can do both  Buisness manager 
Always down for a good chat (But than again I forgot this generation is garbage at having a conversation)
6 foot 7
Hopeless Romantic 
 I love dogs 
My favorite food is mash potatoes
I love smoking hookah
I'm sweet and love when my friends make me laugh
Can start off as friends...maybe something more I have my career started, ambitious, future oriented. Selfish in bed. Will punt your cat. Still love my ex. Will hit on your friends. I'm extremely mature for my age, and I'm a big drinker. Already in a long distance relationship and I'm 5'8"
Never been tested. I Iike 
I/ESFJ
Not looking for hookups Add my snap if youre talking moneyyy asky404 UChicago math grad from Manhattan

If you like PC Music (or are passionate about music in general) well probably get along

Into modular synthesis, machine learning

numtot

vegetarian  

chaotic neutral  Former smoker but I still wear the power ranger onesie on a daily basis. Sweet as  Ambitious Brooklyn Beauty  Fun fact: its physically impossible to lick your own elbow Leo  Italian  Who says a long time cant be a good time?  The Office is the best show dont @ me. Accounting Major. Get to know me 
Ig: danielle_trotta545 **18

Cuban & French I work in a gallery and spend my spare time making elaborate but poorly executed meals and watching the Bojack back catalogue. & I run a poetry magazine called hotdog 

Also my real name is Molly Sometimes I just go for it Based in Princeton, NJ but often in NYC & Philly. 

Just your friendly neighborhood Peruvian-American political scientist 

 pretty chill, lets have a conversation. Coffee or drinks? BrooklynLooking for great folks whore down to doing things and going places with me! 
 Art, dance, movies, parks, podcasts, yoga, theater, board games, globetrotting

Sprichst du Deutsch? Ich suche einen Gesprchspartner/innen! Looking for dates and something more substantial if it goes there :-). Work in media in NYC, live in Hoboken. 57 I like white cheddar cheez-its, good eye contact and vodka. 
Watch out, I think I'm funny.
Probably because I am. 
#overcompensation 
5'2  Not looking for any random hookups. No hook ups and  not your pen pal
If you super like me text me first so ik its real Caz  trying to find out whats the hype
Anime lover yep thats me 
Hanging out chilling and watching movies are my go two
 all the way
Etc need more just ask lol 
And one more thing  very easy to talk to  a very nice person  Nyc ! 
im an interpretive dance 
I watch movies Alexis   100% Italian   ig ; alexismarie.xo   Jeremiah's momma  

- if i super liked you it was an accident  Pre-Pharmacy Major I like race cars  i once saw john mulaney on the f train and i wish that was a dirty joke but its really just a thing that happened to me Hiii  new here so yeah...About me,  shy at first around others. But once I get to know them and understand them  outgoing and fun to be around if. I also enjoy hanging out with my friends at the movies, along with grabbing some bubble tea afterwards lol my life is pretty simple. 23 years old looking for something thats not just a hook up. Good vibes and having a good time. Independent, caring, strong, well rounded women  message me to get to know me! Bio

Names Amanda   a bit of a paradoxI love traveling more than anything else, but I also love my bed more than anything else. Sometimes overly tough on the outside while also overly soft on the inside. Grammar guru (not Nazi ) and dog lover (but who isnt?). Watermelon sour patch kids are life, and anything peanut butter is Heaven. Barre class is my obsession, but food is my everything. Lifes too short, so I try and embrace both ends of the spectrum  No creeps, only crpes  NYC

Architect

6'2" scorpio   viet af 

i draw stuff for a living

anime luver 

hope you like bad girls because im bad at everything 

dm me your fav vine Nothing real just a fuck
18/ CT tx tech kappa delta Here for a plug Just a Brooklyn girl living in NJ...

Looking for good vibes with potential. 
                            
Native Brooklyn boy into street art & grafitti, cities, dancing, rap & hip hop, and the advancement of qtpoc.

Lowkey trying to milly rock on every block

                 Issa vibe .

P.S. Swipe left if youre 500 miles away 23  QC
I be boreddd  Since Instagram is boring af lets give this a shot
Ever met a brown girl named Michelle?
52 atleast thts what I tell ppl,  probably still 5 feet...  
Super chill,  like ur bro but like a girl....
EVEN BETTER RIGHT
All about good vibes 
Add me on ig: lilnuggetxp  My friends say  a 10/10 
Dont hesitate to swipe right 
Down for cute dates and long talks 
Kinda shy but really easy to talk to and loving  
Enjoy smiling and love to read Hmu if you like conversations that get just earnest enough to feel awkward/want to talk astrology 

She/her *( ) Not cute or funny ( )*  a Libra calm cool and collective I like to laugh and  a smoker looking for cool people  shoot your shot
Who doesnt love money .                                                          Insta- h_icon
Snapchat - hardenisaiah Live in Brooklyn. Formerly worked in politics and now a playwright, both full of drama. African    22 just here for make new friends 
My ig: Lykam_s Snap: Soniiaaad Just moved to NY to study English and acting

Japanese

61 Spontaneous 
Awkward  but a lot of sarcasm 
Chubby cheeks 
Smiles at everything 
Small adventures  
Thats interesting, tell me more 
 

snap Yvonne14xd Sc: vicky_stacks | Ig: vickystaxxs Traveling is my therapy Virgo  || 63 || ENFP || 

N Y C  L A

Scorpios, Taurus and cancers to the front!  Med lab science  (The braces came off )
Teacher, photographer, whiskey/scotch lover. 

Really passionate about teaching, could go on about it for hours. But can also talk about parks and rec, Marvel's movies, brooklyn 99!

In need of a cuddle buddy, someone to go watch movies with and maybe teach me how to snowboard/ski   Freelance Model. Creative. Lets smoke  & drink wine. Paint, listen to music. Follow me on Insta . 19 not 21. Ill judge you based on your favorite episode of black mirror Who are you calling a cootie queen you lint licker

NYC / BK | 6'1 * My future husband is probably fake laughing at one of these girls lame ass jokes rn. Be patient King, a true clown is on the way.
~ Always up for an adventure 
* Make me laugh or have a gif conversation with me and youre already a step ahead of the game 
~ Treat me right Ill treat you better 
*  52 BTW 
~ Chef  
* Singer 
~ Dancer  
* Artist 
~ Cosmetologist 
* Flawless with and without  
~ I am the table 
A VIRGIN SO PLEASE 
Do not ask me to come c My name is Adriana  18, I speak English and Spanish  Single I love to travel. Travel is one of the best things for me. I do not smoke. I love watching Netflix battling a quarter life crisis since 2014 snap @giannareale Sophisticated chatbot

5'11" Seeing whats out there. Always down for drinks and convo also. I suck at bios but  pretty funny so which one matters most?   only on here to become bffs with your mom...
.
.
.
Will respond to corny pick up lines  Message Me 
Love to dance with a glass of wine in hand.
Tell me about your day over dinner?  tell me what you're reading  Just moved to Brooklyn from Boston.  Looking for new friends and whatever comes along.  Super into theater, Drag Race, and various other things, so ask!   in shape, if you consider that round is a shape.  the funnest Wouldn't you like to know. admos @urfatherfigure1 (weird name ik, 12 y/o me thought it was cool) Honestly anything less than 500 characters that isnt a Hogwarts acceptance letter is going to be disappointing, so lets just wait for good conversation 23, 58, Virgo, Brooklyn, Weed, Art.
 
Two truths and a Lie: 
1) I had a rhinoplasty.
2)  clairvoyant. 
3) I have a twin brother.

ig/twitter: yajsamej                                                                  
I NEVER KNOW WHAT TO EAT BUT IM ALWAYS HUNGRY  Looking for unexpected to happen. Can these apps not provide with just one guy, just the right one.....
I know this is boring, but  on here looking for Mr.Right. Lets be friends and take it from there, wouldnt mind if it starts over a coffee or beer. Huge gamer and anime fan, funny, weird, and will make you question if I truly believe every outlandish thing that comes out my mouth. Hit me up, I don't bite willing to talk with everyone.
Bi

Based God Fuck My Bitch

Ps: for the love of based god if we match say something Just a beautiful black queen living her best life in Brooklyn! 
I spend most times either baking, reading, or binge watching cartoons/anime! Hi my name is Jenna,  a dancer  and  purely only looking for a relationship swipe through my photos for a surprise :-) Producer
Filmmaker 
Writer
Ill bake rings around you ;) Bi & ready to di(e) Just doing my best. 

ig: _childishbranzino law student/future public interest lawyer (next year ), mexican-salvadoran  from california . virgo  Bi, fly, wanna die 
I really dont know what  on here for but well see what happens
Do you think anyones found a sugar daddy on here?
My hair is currently blue but who knows how long itll stay that way tbh
P.S. I'm the Starfire in the cosplay pic. sugar baby *X-Files theme song*
Cemetery enthusiast 
Cant reach stuff off the top shelf Capricorn  Aspiring housewife

6'1
EN/FR
Cynical lefty
Pretty weltschmerz-y @charlottesparo

 I only drink coffee and seltzer. NYC by way of the Dirty South

Give me your best joke! I'm simple. How about you? Mexican 
62 
Bug Friendly 
Cuddles
Just invite me over to smoke Swipe right if you love Spanish music as much as I do 52 
|
NY MA 56ish
Mixed 
Speak 5 languages 
Love anime and puppies "Live in a dream or die in a nightmare"
There is more to me than what meets the eye 
4 ft 8 and a half (the half matters) 
I love animals, paintball, video games, reading, writing, fishing, and the show Blue Bloods 
Kik me erica_gonzo1996
Looking for friends no hookups  just a girl who doesnt know how to talk to humans so I usually partake in a chat with an animal. lookin for a big  to show my man how i really like it Time isnt real Brooklyn, NY
Horseback rider 
Go Army beat Navy
Whos tryna pay for my nipple piercings/first tattoo 
Insta: __gabs__1 NYC roach charmer extraordinaire!
 Sun,  Moon,  Rising
A nice INTJ.
Where are all the wholesome people at? Diseador textil
Chelsea  BedStuy 
Lets chat and drink 
Dance with me looking for dance buddy
Cuddles cuddles Easy going guy here. I have too many interest to list. Ltr oriented. My favorite thing to do is eat really good food. Born in the wrong time  Located in Brooklyn, interested in discussing how the repression of the simulated nebulizer is the repression of the digital chess session omnia praeclara tam difficilia, quam rara sunt 6'2" 165lbs, there's more to know about me than that though, just ask! I NEED A HOE

When i see nose rings, i just want to pull them  Aries 
I love cats and equal rights
Feminist  

i like to be the big spoon 

insta: nickjameskin ISO someone to take slow silent walks w/ and comment on others/eat ice cream.

Dr. says I look well developed & well nourished.  a fat, short (53), curious, sassy, sometimes sad, kind and supposedly funny brunette latina  who oozes creativity and has no outlet for it. Help? Horrible at starting conversations but could talk for hours. I LOVE dumplings, pineapple, dad jokes, museums, film, art, cute faces, butts and seltzer. I DONT LOVE flip flops, sweating, ignorance, & most men. ass, gas, or grass, nobody rides for free NYC

63

I dont check this often, msg me on IG. 
@haroldkuhn I'm a big music fan and an even bigger nerd. NYU school of engineering. I bet I could eat more sushi then you. Trying to bring a man bun and tattoos to a law firm job.

Leslie Knope in the streets and the sheets. Ball is life. Green eyes, 5'6, biochem major, and ready to meet new people. I'm usually too shy to message first, but in person I am super out going and random. Yes I can beat you in Tennis. Playing sports> the mall. Memes> all.
If I know you I'm swiping right
Amount of times someone catfished me so far: 2 Creative Writing Major 

Super likes were prob an accident 
 here to make friends and sell some weed :) Sci-fi nerd and meme enthusiast 
I live and breathe the srat life 

Insta: @michelle.leya just moved here and I have no friends
help me

@sophaadophh 

510 
loving meeting new people Business major at NYU who likes photography, dance, and outdoorsy adventures  Like honesty very outgoing love to have fun 

ig: mesarasi Thick with a tummy 
Always smiling.
Sucker for nice eyes and tattoos  buy me a Guinness and  basically an open book I am a fun friendly girl, expontanea, very charismatic I like to enjoy people who give me a smile knock me 0n S C Snell792 too.... pretty self explanatory  pls & ty Looking for Wonderland.

Side note: I am a cat person, dogs are welcome in small doses.  22
Looking for my prince  Harry 
Message me if you want to know me so we can meet isnt that the point of this app . & no  not going to message you 1st even if we totally match so you definitely can wait 100 years Love The Rolling Stones, the movie Arrival, and I have a couch in my room. Tell me the correlation. Artist. Theatre person. The good kind of weird. IG and snap: Jenniferr0d (its a zero)

82 not 20, dont know how to change it Art Galleries, ADHD and Techno. I am in New York now. Sometimes I am in London or Berlin. Ask me something really specific  andiecarlton
Hey,  Andie. I guess you could say  the girl next door, only a little freakier.  
 - 
 New & I dont know how this works but Ill learn

Dont be wack : : :



Add my instagram: @heav.ennn
Add my snap: Heaven_4512
Twitter: @xo_heavenn_xo Follow my ig: @glowvibez 
Ps4: KweenGoddess
Looking for new friends & more people to add on ps4 .
More active on my ig than here  Work in the Fashion Industry.

Here to meet new people :)

I enjoy reading, exploring the city, kickboxing, blogging, music/concerts, Pokmon Go, trying out new food, and League of Legends. 19  
salvi, 51
there are more plastic flamingos in the world than real ones 
I like anime and I can be annoyingly nice but  a flippin hoot of a time 
Also love books *o* !
Overly energetic person ~

Not looking for hook ups


Ig : awkwardarmadillox3 If you have pets then Id be down if you told me about them or showed me them honestly *taken* but new to NYC 
sometimes blue sometimes blonde
dm on insta I never use this app I love to travel PhD student I believe in coffee, coffee for everyone
Studied journalism and poly sci
Radio DJ - love music
Love movies
Massive gear head 
love sports
And still have my N64
If I could flirt as well as I can cook Id be married by this point brownskin, 55. How you doin? Athlete and future nurse  Lets have a meaningful conversation and see where it leads. 53 (& a half)
Transman

AP Art Student and Concert Choir member at JMHS

Sucker for bad boys with a good sense of humor and nice hair  Have a sense of humor and well get along just fine! 

60. first off I hate these I never know what to write so here goes...

If you dont respond unmatch me, why even match and not respond?

Biochemistry is my passion. Getting my masters of science in molecular and cell 

 a real caring, kind, passionate, loving guy.

I love food, nature, outdoors, meeting new people. I am a pretty simple guy, quiet, reserved. Chill guys hit me up and lets see where things go! ballet dancer & writer, im open to anything! :-)  an ambitious musician who just wants 3 things 1. Have fun (of all varietys) 2. Meet people 3. Find a partner!  I may not be skinny but I got curvz  kidding hey hey hey
aries Travel, wine, and adventures are my fav  I broke my arm in front of a hospital once...

Native New Yorker
5 ft 4

Bi  

i like traveling, learning languages (tu parles franais ?) and questioning my existence trying to find Nirvana of Paterson I laugh too much but its usually at my own jokes

Be fucking nice

   A sub looking for someone to dom me. 

Trans guy that likes to be a nerd (haven't transitioned yet) As if yall read a bio anyway  I am funny, sweet, sensitive, crazy, adventurous, silly, smart, and I love having a good time. Dont be shy, I wont bite unless you want me to
Optimistic, open minded, easy to talk to, 420+, what more could you possibly ask for?  Creative. Shy at first but silly/crazy when comfortable. Laughter is one of my favorite sounds. Highly ambitious. Obsessed with music. Audiophile. Book worm. Pro Tools over everything. Steppin my beer game up in 2019. Bay Area native. 

 interested in dating and long-term relationship. Lets be friends first tho. To keep it   not interested in hookups, friends with benefits, friends with emotions or whatever other term yall dudes like to call it Just a girl from Manhattan.

 transgender and 511 

I like going to new spots. Lets go dancing!

I grew up on a lake and love being on a beach or by the water

I fly planes sometimes! You should see the views  Hey HMU 
Xbox pls
Serious or nah?
A whole 57 1/2 Ive been talked into a tinder account Integrated energy therapy practitioner
Sri vidya and raja yoga student in training
Lokah samastah sukhino bhavantu
 probably barefoot and/ or traveling in a van

Just looking for love. sc: noboyitaintkosh  19
Ct
Ig: guzman814_ Seeking Dollywood companion/lover. Currently without child but with mustache 

In Social Work Flatbush     Sc:zswerve.    Studying architecture. I never know what to write here. Traveler.
Pisces.
Foodie.
Crossfit. 
Movie junkie. 

Favorite quote: When given the choice between being right or being kind choose kind.

Sc: kbest1919 From Miami and probably complaining about the weather Always stop for every dog on the street
Serious business inquiries only Lived about 5 years in NYC, originally from Texas. I'm friendly, crack a lot of jokes, and love good conversation. I'm an actor, director, and playwright...everytime I think about dropping one of those titles I get 
When really in love, I can end up giving and caretaking so much I forget to take care of myself. I'm not sure what the solution is there...
I've loved a lot of people, and i love my art. 

I'm passionate about great conversation, great food, and destroying the patriarchy.   only here for the free food 27 years young currently working trying to reach my goals. The lover in me wants to find something special but you know this app aint too promising Ctfu. But I could always use some new faces to meet and 4/20 friends. HMU   a rowdy chick, sometimes I have to fight cuz my mouth too slick 
Chief Keef is my favorite rapper 
I have more energy then a Crackhead 
I Enjoy Watching Supernatural & Eating 
destiinyy_starr Someone told me it's strange to just not write anything here.... so... Hi, in NYC for 20 days and arrived before Christmas but just remembered to turn this on like, yesterday.
Not quite sure what am I looking for... in general... but up to adventures and meeting new people! :)

*** We laugh like "hahahah" where I'm from and I type that a lot! I'm not mocking or crazy hysterical (just a bit), sorry, thanks! ***
 Add me  
Snap: princesslexy14 Captain Long John Silver... im gonna reel em in 

: jordanthonyx
: jordan.beez  back in my hometown for less than 24 hours and trying to see how much d%ck I can get from dudes I went to high school with.

Ive worn size 8 shoe since I was 11. You know what they say about big feet. Big feet, big clit. SC >> Ba.Valen 

shy and a lil socially awkward, but I try

I love animals, got two dogs and two cats. Once owned an albino hedgehog  

I occasionally like to draw and paint. Coloring is fun 

Huge cuddle-bug

Self-deprecating humor 

Was raised by a goblin. ATL  NYC

thinker. lover. fashion enthusiast. budding foodie. TED talk watcher. My friends ex-boyfriend used to call me Bae-la instead of Kayla so 
Thats not my baby A easy going person i like to socialize don't be afraid just be nice and come say hi..... If your gonna be weird don't hmu

 NYC 
Mixed 
57 
 jennifer_cvsb Holy shit, this is hard living my life :)
math major. Laid Back .  Theatre, Drag Race, film, and pug enthusiast. Always down for a Popeyes french fry or a Cinnabon. I recently bought myself a Nintendo Switch so I suppose you could call me a gaymer. Lets chat! I just want someone to treat me right.  looking for my boyfriend and maybe thats you. Give me cuddles and Ill love you forever. Chunky Latina  if you voted for trump, swipe left  music, flyers hockey, traveling, wine are just a few of my favorite things. looking for an actual relationship. nyc tell about ur favorite band, movie, or pasta dish Hey I just met you and this is crazy so swipe right maybe? 
 Partnered 
Costa Rican Actor, Singer, Adventurer

In a happy committed relationship.

Everyones favorite  and . PA > NYC > LA> NYC
6ft 170 My name is Mar (w/a rolled r) 
they/them

Tinder has deleted my bio like 5 times I'm exhausted and waiting to euthanized   From London, just moved to NY. Grad student at The New School 

Show me your favourite pizza spot and Ill tell you about that time I met the queen? Singer  Actress 
59

Trying to figure this life shit out. Looking for someone to tag along  Msu 2020 Finance
Lets grab a drink at a bar  You've done worse I want a sugar daddy or a girlfriend  whatever works
Ig: @karenali.love
 a Sagittarius  
I love portrait art, trap music,  skinny and cute but really funny. 
I change my hair style and color frequently
  I like nice people. J'aime les gens sympathiques. Let's explore this beautiful city, together. 
M.S. in Environmental Policy 

EN | FR  the friend who ends up cooking a parties 
Naps are a big mood
From the Caribbean 
Studying International Public Policy 
bi and I smoke Research assistant at Weill Cornell Medicine. Living in Brooklyn.

Interests include chemistry, cooking, baking, eating and swimming among other things.

I'm pretty tall (6'3") and a cat person, I don't really like dogs, which matters to a lot of people turns out.

I have a lot of opinions Hi. I'm only here to make friends and connect with wonderful human beings all over the world. I'm very friendly and easy to get along with. I'm all about learning from people and exploring. UNC-CH '17

Aspiring Screenwriter  
Talk to me about your favorite movies  
Also about Buffys importance in TV culture  Tell me about you 1st... Heya I'm on snappy more you can find me on xboxboobs (one word lol). I love gaming, love older guys.. Anyone else bored tonight? If this is still up I'm still looking (Sunday). Saritaa
Mexicanaaa 
Activist 
Love walks with my pupp  Plant Based
Dont worry,  also annoyed that I said that
Seriously bro, let's cuddle.
Scorpio
I kiss on the first date Heya I'm on snappy more you can find me on xboxboobs (one word lol). I love gaming, love older guys.. Anyone else bored tonight? If this is still up I'm still looking (Sunday). beautiful boy. beautiful problems. harry potter enthusiast
just an acapella girl Slightly crazy but at least  an adventure Must love dogs NY & LA Trying to be a priority in a sea of options 

61 and other stuff Just a special ed teacher struggling her way through grad school. I'm an artist and photographer. 
Likes flowers.

@blangblang92 On our first date I will carve our initials in a tree. Its the most romantic way to let you know I have a knife.

LTR oriented. I prefer a boyfriend. At the very least someone I can pretend with.

Nice guy here, ask me anything. Writer, artist, designer. I love horror movies even though they never scare me. I love anything vintage. IG: Downwardspiral666 I guess Ill cover some of the basics tht I anyways get asked:

52. Yes I am on the thick side. I am mixed black, cape verdean, and white. Dog mom. 


yea.. Looking for someone who isnt going to waste my time Someone who loves music as much as I do or is an artist in their own form, and will support me and my youtube channel If I think I might like you I'll make an effort to reach you. Also never have time for this app Dont take it that I'm coming on a little strong just trying to get your attention in this mad world haha

If I super like you it means we need to marry. 

Dont let me scare you away I can seem a bit wild but I'm also mostly a bookworm.

I want a boyfriend but I'll take nice times.

Enjoy long walks on the beach, beach bods, beach chairs, beachwear, and beaches. And bitches beard length fluctuates
I am 58 and can do a backflip I do parents but also race cars.
Aspiring MILF Plz sing duets in the car with me. Thats really all  asking for. Creative professional looking for dates. LTR oriented, ambitious and outgoing hoping to meet the same. Not looking for anything sexual  Id like to listen to your playlist, and maybe, you could take me to your favorite place in Austin I am an artist, actor, and writer. Open-hearted, and kind. Kind of funny, and love movies. Dont be shy, cause I am.

If you aint picking up what  putting downmove along please, I am not for you . No time for fake shallow people with shallow existences. SC >> Ba.Valen 58 /  Laid back Libra :) A rare Pokmon.          Insta @isaiah_nyc You can be the ripest, juiciest peach in the world and there's still going to be somebody who hates peaches...  cool ... I think, you let me know. tired of the games i want something serious.
also huge fan of country
cheer if life  I smoke a lot 
I like aliens
 a writer 
 bi
56 
 really just here to find more friends to smoke with  You are what you eat and you look like a dick Just a soft boiled egg in a shirt, definitely not well-rested. Somebody teach me how to ski RU 2022 Music Education Major Instagram Rosanel_x3 52 :)  new here My IG is @bsoulutley Hey guys... im vers looking for vers. its all about personality. #fwb #askmesomething .... ima dancer btw.  Lets talk about our existential crises. Adventurous Trini  looking for a real man who knows what he wants
 I love the beach, swimming, cuddling, Netflix, cooking, dancing,cricket , kayaking, sleeping and makeup MUA in the making #selfiequeen  My IG is @Vixen_Emana , Central State Alumnus (Class of 2012) Case Manager at Youth Homeless Shelter. From the Bronx, living in East FlatBush Brooklyn. My own place, everything I have, I've WORKED FOR.  very Sexually expressive but come at me with RESPECT, so we can get to that point.... Tell me what u want or sit in my inbox for weeks! #WeAreAllAdu hey watsup cute guys im new to nyc and im looking for something long distance Moved to ny about 2 months ago and  in desperate need of friends lol or someone to chill with. Snap: rhia_glean
Insta: riri__london *2 underscores*
Spice Girl born in 
Dark chocolate  
Child of God 
Pre law class of 20 John Jay
If you cant hold an intellectual conversation bye
NOT LOOKING FOR A HOOKUP
love getting spoiled  I like who I like 
I love to go out and do anything adventurous. I love to hike, travel, train in mixed martial arts, and pretty much anything fun.

Lets go some place new
Talk to me about life

I love Soccer & Basketball 

Trying to meet new people 
Hmu if you trying to go to happy hour 

Let's be friends 
 Soon to be CPA who loves to travel and chill with friends, gotta appreciate life to the fullest. Born and raised in the Philippines!  Something consistent would be dope.  friendly and pretty chill for the most part so dont be scared to message me.

 a Bottom 

Got my own crib 

Drinking my water and minding the business that pays me

Add my snap Jmurda19 


Anime, videogames(PS4), dancing Hi! Would love to meet someone ( normal-ish ) over wine and jenga at a bar around here.
 into: books, weights, all kinds of animals, crime shows. Tell me your favs.
58 ,uws. 

Just in case:
hooking up, couples, vegans: no. Just a guy that doesnt take life too seriously and laughs a little too much.  IG &  | uhh.sad
Please be interesting 
 63 
I need Friends 100% Brazilian, but no accent 
Always a book in hand
Pisces
The fringe is new
Ive probably listened to that song
I make a lot of puns, which I guess you could classify as bad, but I think theyre quite funny
And I write things sometimes, too
I dont like the office and  not going to explain why, its just not funny.  
And I see both sides like Chanel
 pretty short
(I have 15 piercings)
 
Lenin in the streets, Dostoyevsky in the sheets I have bleached hair and really dark under-eyes, and I keep eating pizza even though I'm lactose intolerant

I need to be stopped.

 NY until the 9th Attention: Thats not my daughter in the picture, thats just my friend! Yes, I have friends of all ages. Her mom is also a good friend! 
Vivacious, cute, outgoing, confident, tenacious, intelligent, creative, forthright, realist, down to earth, bold, over the top, civic minded, unpredictable, worldly, hysterical, multifaceted, witty, cynical, street smart, people smart, sweet, easy going, loquacious, animated, and expressive...i'll tell you everything you want to know and a few things you don't Berkeley > Brooklyn. Event planning. Small business consulting. Writer. Bartender. Yoga teacher. Former dancer. Aspiring fiddler. Hoover Dam Collective. Porch Stomp. SUNY Purchase.  send me your favorite longform article.

i enjoy drinking german beer, reading don delilo, learning about Saturn, listening to the band beach house, and also playing beach volleyball.

digital content producer and journalist in brooklyn. @giuliauebe Love talking about movies and watching them too, I can go on for hours about movies! Love animals too, especially my cat. Cuban, Puerto Rican 
Swimmer  19  
Puerto Rican 
Honestly dont know why I downloaded this but hey

AMOSC: jaaay-bando Talk to me nice   a little bit sweet, a little bit sassy, and always classy. Swipe right and message to get to know more. 

-Future History Teacher 
-Full Time Student Teacher 
-Former Dancer 
-Coffee Lover I spend my too much time knee deep in my art, so maybe you can help find something better for me to do 
 
 
Short Caribbean girl 
A lit ass female you should have in your life 

: daydayunique
IG: danaa_blessed I like to just go with the flow and see where life takes me. I love making people smile and laugh so let me try with you.  

#Blacklivesmatter, cat person

Studying to be a doctor. (Bio major, Music minor) 
If you are in the medical field, that's already a huge plus.

P.S. That's my friend in the photo.

League, Overwatch, or Pokemon Go anyone?
: panda_rawwr
 Stoner looking for other stoners
Ig: @littyleeya If youre emotionally attached to your ex, stay THE FUCK away from me. 

 chill asf tbh.  Just a college student going through the growing pains. 

 56 if that matters, and yes I always wear a hat.

Coffee Addict.

Lets see where things go, open minded.

I am not pretty or beautiful in the conventional way, but my poetry says other wise. Out here trying to suck some dick  Tell me why the book was better than the movie. Follow me On Insta: Iamisaidg & snapchat: Http.isaid second year teacher, lifelong student, inquire within.
love to the end, and without exception -m. skobtsova My name is Frank. I like turtles. Going to school to be a nurse. Absolutely love going on adventures and a free going girl.  actually 18
I like tall guys (if youre taller than 56 you good)
 goofy
I LIKE MEMES
Let me make you happy
Not dtf
Looking for friends Just came back from study abroad in London  It is delicate (Swift et al. 2018) 

Smell like Parfum franais 24/7   Call me Nelly ,  54 & a Libra . Not looking for anything serious but if it happens it happens Theres more than what meets the eye. If you want to get the full picture, you should say hi (see what I did there ) Yea whatever
If youre funny I already like you  single mom of 1 amazing son
 dog mom of 2 dogs 
 hair dresser by trade 
 drive a 6 speed daily 
 have my own place 
 8 tattoos and more to come 

I absolutely hate online dating. I think its a joke. But  a single mother who works full tune so Please follow my photography account @theimperfectgod so I know it's real
5,9 
Not here for a long time honestly
Had green hair wanna pick my next color?
Aspiring film maker I'm a fun girl with a passion for ice skating, museums and fun.  I've been in New York for 2 years but would love for you to show me your favorite places

Are you pizza? Cause I want a pizza you in me.

I want to be your tamale and have you fill me up Here to meet new people.!!
New York  5x chili cook off champion
sommelier in training
looking for a camping buddy
hufflepuff at heart
entp 
6'0 i just took a dna test turns out im 100% that bitch just three gremlins wearing a girl suit Frenchy  Just looking for someone to vibe with Swipe right to bond over craft beer while I pretend to care what frat you were in If you're looking for easy sex, slide to the left.

I'm Brazilian, I recently moved to USA. I'm looking for new friends and if it becomes serious, great. But I'm running away from shallow and empty people who have no content and dont know how to connect to find out what's going on inside the others soul.

ABOUT ME: I like eat japanese food, movies, cooking, love nature, animals and practice martial arts. Parents love me Add Me
Sc: maryjane368
Fb: Hue man
Ig: marioleonne
I will respond back lml
A little about me:
*vegeterian 
* spiritual 
* artist
*fashion lover
*positive vibes 
* homebody but I love mini adventures so hmu
* 420 friendly cya at the next rave  I like parks, poems, podcasts, and alliteration.  Hi, I'm Hannah Actor, writer, filmgoer, cat person. I like funnies.

Thoughts on Suspiria?

511  I put my thing down flip it and reverse it Really good at listening to music and drinking coffee. Getting better at the gym. Lookin to learn, dance, and live a little. can u show me how to use the dark web to put a hit on yourself?? asking for a friend I need coffee first  22 and an aspiring marine biologist. I love the beach, traveling, and my pet dog.  looking for a long relationship, and hopefully someone who I will live out my life with. I love my family, my friends, and my pet dogs. Passionate teacher 
Italian
Smile and laugh often 
Motivated/motivator
I have skied and snowboard
Food is AMAZING 
Yoga 
 Eye contact>phone screen
earring-wearer
Chivalry is  
I can be very spontaneous ! 
Value good insides  
New to this..Think its cool that people are brave enough 2 put themselves out there on here Chicago Dec 22 - Dec 30
@anthonytranphoto  smart, youll love it I heard this was the new thing ... write me something creepy Ill probably block you .. educated , funny and laidback . I have Bachelors in Finance Masters in Finance and PHD in Sarcasm lol ~~selfish but charming~~ 20. Fairfield University. Accounting Major.

My dog is my son, so  basically a milf??
I love to dance and be silly.

Message me and see what it takes... Poetry, plants, hiking, beer Be entertaining.                                                           
I write reviews, cackle at dumb things and occasionally talk about social issues on my podcast. I swipe left on cat owners not because I hate cats, but because my dog likes them a little *too* much.

Originally from Nashville by way of D.C. and Strasbourg (France), I am still (relatively?) new to Brooklyn and looking to meet new people that I don't work with (both friends and dates).  Live in Park Slope, work in Gravesend/Coney Island.

 Big fan of dollar pizza slices Dancer 

... voters only. 

Earth / glitter / tacos / tequila / techno / brooklyn. can you make me laugh? Fun Friendly Ambitious work hard. play hard. nap hard.   19  the older the women the better  Russian, trying to improve my English The nightingale was far away,
Now the Spring calls her back,
She didnt learn anything new,
She sings the old dear songs.

Translation: Dick pics are welcome. All happy girls are alike; every unhappy girl is unhappy in her own way. My kind of unhappy is full of self-deprecating humor, double IPAs, and is actually pretty rad.

Let me know if you want to be miserable together Snap andiecarlton 

 shy, dont tell  Teacher, student, Virgo, book lover, and pizza enthusiast. Not here for your creepy dick pics.  Catfish me so I can meet Max and Nev and promote my Instagram  I like trees, bees, skiing, & road trips I love green smoothies and avid voters

VANYC i like sneakers, kingdom hearts, & coffee. 
 I like short walks to the fridge, video games, honey whisky, adventures and extreme napping  

Pubg > fortnite .. lets argue 

Only here to be an asshole and swipe, I dont really want to meet you  Single milf....his name is cooper 
Call me babygirl and  yours 

Insta/snap @jillianpalomba artist/Brooklyn/techno
Insta @shaunlucas AMS  Looking to make meaningful connections and take things from there.
I like when a guy takes an initiative and asks me out ;  also a  i have four traffic cones. It's really difficult for me to carry more than one at a time. am currently looking for someone with strong appendages to help me with my collection. Just trying to find ONE half way decent dude nyc
message me when we first match
snap : robynbusan Brooklyn 
20  Nice and chill Scorpio 
Snap wytebone
IG ask for it
HMU 
Tatted up 
22 years old
Cash App $718Cash 
Got FACETIME  
Dont ask for it if u aint talkin hunchoes juu hurd  NJ / NYC

Wanna date Lorde but she only dates older men so here I am.

Dogs, movies, & all things spooky.
 big personality, big height, big heart  Ramen noodles is the way to my heart  I/ENFJ

Educator, artist, outdoor enthusiast | Empathy, intelligence, and humor to the front of the line | Please help me learn French.  Just a girl new to the city! stop feeding my ego and start feeding me chicken parm Just looking for someone to chat with and pass the time  Hey!... So um, where to start.. Yeah I'm new here! I'm a Pisces Sun/Leo Moon visual/performing artist, born in North Carolina raised in New York (yes I still have the southern twang in my voice if you like dudes with accents lol) and um... I like what "we all" like: movies, music, umm under water basket weaving lol... Morbid sense of humor not gonna lie but I'm a pretty cool fellow (or at least I think so) that digs stimulating conversation... So let's have one!  live in brooklyn  |  work in soho  |  love good food Looking for someone to waste my time with.. maybe thats you? Lets chat? 

ESTJ
5'11" (Why does a person's height matter?) What it do boooooo 
People call me Ash to the Ley.
When i dance i feel like i can fly.
Scorpio sun. Aquarius moon. Saggitarius .

Growing everyday into my fullest potential.
Dont message me if you dont know how to hold a conversation. Chem engineering Snap: xoxokaylanoelle
if youre just looking for a hook up dont bother (:! If youre bored youre boring 

Reading, running, coffee, beer
Reading about running
Coffee flavored beer

Vegan Hi my names Devon dont be shy HMU to get to know me better. Looking for fun or something more along the way interested in money & power  An odd bird  
Be my coffee pal or something. _()_/

I enjoy art, comics and cartoons, books, weird music, and even weirder movies. 
I think you can tell a lot of a person based on what their favorite films are, and two of mine are Melancholia and Dogtooth. 

Vegan for the animals and as silent protest against needless, harmful capitalist systems, but in no hurry to convert anyone. 
Chaotic Neutral INFP

Left swipe if good and proper hand hygiene isnt your jam. Ask me about my flag making business!  It's called emotional flaggage Student at Clarion University I have deleted my old tinder, as I felt it was becoming a game of swiping. 
This time around I will only be swiping right on guys I think I would be interested in meeting or getting to know. Id like to start dating again after a long work hiatus and see if there is someone great out there for me. 
 a great guy with a great mind, super intuitive, spiritual, and sensual. It takes a certain person to be able to handle my intensity in general. Lets see what happens  Assistant Attach at the UN in New York. From Denmark. Arabic/Danish/English/French/German. I like hanging out, shopping, being with family, making videos, watchin netflix, being lazy, and doing makeup
58
 Polish and Puerto Rican
 just goin with the flow rn kinda seein whats out there and if somethin happens then it happens
snap: baddie_tristan Crazy Mexican living in Zrich.  I love animals, laughing and cooking   57 
25 & 
 Single dog father 
 Traveler Love geography 
 Learning Spanish 
 I dont understand video games.. so no gamers.
 U better know that Russia is a biggest country in the world and Australia is a continent.
 LTR oriented
 Really believe this app is different from Grinder. 
 Not into hook ups 
Looking for someone who knows what he is doing and want for his life, responsible for his actions.
Nice, and shy but pretty confident and know what I want. Londoner who sucks at writing bout himself........ Show me your favorite dive bar  Tell me something idk 20 years old  pastel queen in queens
60 Feel the chills, understand why, form things that last. Tremendously confident yet tremendously human. Looking for those that go beyond basic needs, are independent, radiate positivity, and have opinion. Dancer
Choreographer 
Teacher

Living and working in Philadelphia 

Shoot me a message if you wanna go out or just chill around the house! This is my app for meeting someone with substance. If youre looking for something else you can find me on Grindr  No one over 35 pleaseee I keep hitting super like by accident

I watch criminal minds on the regular so I'll know if you are a creeper 

I don't have children, but I'm an amazing aunt  

 My doggie is my life 

Weird fact about me: bald men who are bald on purpose scare me...
Ps- I'm probably better than you at sports and I can skateboard like a champ Firefighter, Fishing, Riding quads and just hanging out I am grad student in the PA program at usciences. love going into the city. I'm a country girl born and raised in Vermont. Love the outdoors and new experiences. Who hasn't made mistakes? I once french-kissed a dog at a party to try to impress what turned out to be a very tall 12 year-old. It's Avril Lavigne's world and we're just living in it.

LA: October 26 - November 6
Oslo: sometime in November
Miami: December 4-10
NYC is home


_____________________________

French / Palestinian

Aries  Sun  |  Leo Moon  |  Pisces Rising  |  Identical Twin  |  Artist   |  Fashion Refugee
_____________________________

Btm  ISO Tatts & Chest Hair & Stubble +++ I act, I tutor, I condescend to my Amazon Echo.

Interests: Drag Race, dimmer switches, sweet potatoes, your dad. Spring break will be here before you know it so book your week long vacation get always or cruise for low prices now. Message me for the website. 


+size. Love it or not.

Definitely not looking for a hookup.

 the girl youll wanna take home to your parents. College student. Aspiring journalist. Trilingual. Travel enthusiast. Like a sharpie  super fine. **Home for break** Single mother to an amazing little boy
Loves baseball
Fishing is my sanity
Country music is life
Beat me in pool? I think not!
Laughing is my favorite thing to do... and I have a contagious laugh! Actually 18 not 19^^^^                                                  Message me and we'll see what happens
And add me on snap: slim_jim56
5'10 Insta: yourstrulyxoxo3
I love a good conversation starter  I love to go on adventures, especially Netflix adventures.
Pianist/ Composer
I'm a big fan of science and math and literature and if you can hold a conversation with me about quantum physics, environmentalism or any random subject you're a keeper. I'm a bit of a romantic, but nothing wrong with that. Love meeting new people, hanging out and just talking. So many great minds, so little time to explore them.  New to NYC. First year law student. Tennis Junkie. I love to explore. Looking for my YouTube soulmate. 

Lets Eat. Play Tennis. Cuddle. Fall asleep with a bottle of Vodka. (Repeat). If you cant handle stress 
You cant handle success

SC CSpadaro11
Insta _chrisspdaro11  pretty chill and fun to be with. I enjoy concerts, outdoor activities and discover new things.  mostly looking to make new friends, since  relatively new here, but  open to LTR as well. Hit me up and lets meet.

IG: jcferrer.nyc  Queen of NYC 
I'm mostly on snapchat add me  rhorny14 Fashion Designer/ Visual Artist.

looking for the next boy to break my heart and inspire my art 

NYC | BOS

Studying Fashion Design at Parsons The New School For Design

420
capricorn 
made in the philippines 
ENFP yo dont knock brunch. breakfast food is acceptable at all times of the day. I like to laugh Philadelphia 

Originally from Maryland. Lawyer, engineer, Lana del Rey fan, and Iron Chef enthusiast.  6'2"

Likes: dogs, bar trivia, sports

Dislikes: running, getting up early, that feeling when you find out someone ate the last slice of pizza before you

 Just looking for fun and friends :) Latina  *
memphis 
brooklyn
/
pan  sabrinamarie_x welcome to the salty spitoon how tough are ya
Swipe right thots I just want some dick no relationships Art. Cartoons. Science. My personality is bigger than my boobs 

Hmu on insta :) @tatiana.audley 

Likes : baseball and binge drinking 

Dislikes: pretty much everything else 

Long Island, NY | uri nursing 22ish 27
Curvy 
Mommy to a Princess  Giant nerd in all respects(mythology, Disney, tarot, comics, movies, etc). Big heart always looking for more people to care about. Looking for ultimately something more, but will take some fun along the way. Big family person. Run my own theater company and am getting my masters in education. Trying to find a consistent person for Taco Tuesdays

HK SC >> Ba.Valen SHU  Hmu  MSed 
Educator 
Writer
Animal Lover. 
 53 

Looking for someone whos down for music festivals, traveling the world and last minute adventures.  Brooklynite
Pisces 
Dog mom
Body mods are cool Making dinner for two and eating both 

School of the Art Institute of Chicago BFA cinematography 

Art  medicine Looking to have meaningful conversations with a busy or lonely guy. No hookups. 
Call me and tell me what's on your mind, what are your aspirations, fears, and anything that scares you Finishing up grad school, then starting medical school. Only in the city until the end of May. 

Lets make the most before I leave  Still not over avatar using papyrus
 (Actually 20)
Working towards dismantling the carceral state one day at a time 
UPenn 2021
 SP18
 Singer. Actor. Musician. 
Curvy and into it.

My one adult ambition is to someday own a wheaten terrier and name him Dino Spumoni.

To quote Liz Lemon- Please just be normal sauce for one day. Just looking to have some fun!!! Looking for someone to go see puppies with 58 & a libra 
Brooklyn  
Full time student 
Not looking for hookups  so dont ask... like seriously i mean it. 
I love fashion, makeup, dance & Ariana Grande 
be the reason to get me off this damn app weed and old school hip hop music head, cyphs and vibes @anna_hlush some of my interests include going on walks, french new wave, and not getting murdered www.creedthoughts.gov.www/creedthoughts Full time spin instructor, college student and snack monster.

Something serious is ideal. Dont be shy to message me. 
(If you want, dm on Instagram for a quicker response)  from New Orleans.  I dont know why I moved here.  a Gemini. Starting a conversation w/ me sexually is not the move. I kinda wanna want Elon Musk to spit on me tho.  Local wambulance javer. IG: yunqtrillian <- doesnt mean slide in my dms. Artist living in brooklyn - I love dogs Born-and-raised Brooklynite. Usually reading, writing, walking, or running. Into good conversation. I work hard and appreciate a similar work ethic.
Hmu if youre smart and have a great sense of humor.
... Bonus points if you exclusively listen to rap. Bonus-bonus points if you can convince me to listen to something besides rap. hi "I like these old woods," said a gentleman, whom I met on the Rackett last year; "I like them, because one can do here just what he pleases. He can wear a shirt a week, have holes in his pantaloons, and be out
at elbows, go with his boots unblacked, drink whisky in the raw, chew plug tobacco, and smoke a black pipe, and not lose his position in Society.
Folk and Punk
History and Special Ed Teacher
TV/Movies
Drinking
Camping
Pound the Alarm Lipsynch > Shut up and Drive 20
Pit bull mom of two   
Single but cautious 
 a woman with respect so I should receive it. 
I love cooking, fitness & nutrition.  a hopeless romantic open to endless possibilities. Find me on LinkedIn bagels, brunch, and baths
Traveling, tea, and teaching  a lover of nature & happiness No me jodas
IG: mariagamerro  just bored rn  yum 
- Dont ask for my social media because I will not give it you Add my Snapchat: iman_baduxx I look young but that means  hot right ? Consistency & Communication is Lethal. If you can't quote the big lebowski don't bother
No scorpios.  outgoing / adventurous / energetic / looking for someone to explore with  Obsessed with dogs 
Go birds Sweet dreams are made of cheese. Who am I to diss a Brie?

Native brooklynite. Grad school. Avid 4/20 enthusiast. Whiskey. Game of Thrones
Lets get brunch. dominican girl currently enjoying nyc  ...but my friends call me Joey

I like making comics, animations, taking photos, and other art stuff.
I also like chillin and shit AU Womens Soccer its either yeet or be yeeted, amirite





if youre incapable of expressing emotions stay away from me Lemme hear a good dad joke
Insta: katelynn_lark  an alien sent from the deep recesses of space 25 yrs of age! DON'T SWIPE RIGHT IF YOU DONT LIKE WHAT YOU SEE PERIOD.  a very easy going person I typically enjoy the simpler things in life, I appreciate honesty and loyalty, i love watching movies and hanging out with the people that are important in my life I always make time, i am shy at first but once you get to know me and I know you  an open book. Its important for the person  dating to show just as much interest in me as I do them  i enjoy getting to know someone inside and out Just looking to meet new people and make friends in a new city :)

I like traveling and trying new foods.
 Nursing Major 
Pediatric MA Born & Raised 
Humble & Hungry 

Vol. Firefighter 

Hml Loser magnet.
Ruin my life.
I promise Ill like your band.


SC: livdanubs writer, gamer, amateur d&der, bisexual.

gets a huge kick out of astrology 
( sun  moon  rising)

mercury isnt in retrograde anymore but please message me first anyway

(not here for hookups, not here for trump supporters!!!!!!!) 
Instagram: morgann_paigeee
If your name is Ryan, probably not. I love conversation I love hanging out & I love   movies 
 I don't know why Tinder got my last name lol. First Name: Zainab Mom of a beautiful baby boy 
Cashapp- $Shawna01
^How much do you really like the way I look? Add Me On Snap @dope.minaj Message Me If You Dare To Find Out



If I super like its honestly by mistake Umm.. umm.. Idk, what ever happens, happens Wanna guy that I can go to country music concerts with and who will actually respect me !  the kind of person who falls asleep standing up in a club Just a furry lil guy looking for a cuddle and some bananas 
I enjoy short walks in the park that mostly involve me sniffing anything and everything we pass. 
I also love head scratches and ear rubs Tall, preschool teacher, spin, yoga & barre, good baker, bad cook, tv addict i like a lot of things - ask me for specifics

recent college grad
first year high school teacher 

EN ES DE 

 I'm always up for a new adventure  My dog. Food. God. Music. The beach. 

Special Education- speech pathology 

Insta: @brennaholla_ Looking to meet people to do fun things with! 
 a server, I work in center city and I love long walks and people watching. sugar daddies only choose your fighter Brooklyn I go blonde when  sad I have my own sextoys and lingerie company . I also host passion parties that are lgtbq friendly !!! Just looking for more friends to hang out with and is into different things besides sex and other tedious things... if u dont reach me on here ... my snap  -tinysbigegoo What I lack in looks I make up for with a subpar personality
 You cant break your New Years Resolutions if you dont make any a switch witch 
qtpoc pls
she/they Animals are a big part of my life, i normally dont do tinder but I figure Id give it a shot aha, Shy at first but sociable once you get to know me

Ps, if you like the show Greys Anatomy, were automatically besties 19
5'3 I am in BCCC studying Pre-K-4 education with an ASL minor. I would love to become a math teacher when I'm done college. But my real dream is to become a well known actor, singer, or dancer because performing is my life! I've tried out for The Voice and AGT! 
I'd personally would like to find someone who is fun, and can be themselves around me. I love to talk so if you do too that's a plus! 

Fun fact: I was on Hairspray Live on NBC in Dec. 2016

Instagram: Jameschristianlegette 
Snap: James5005 Instagram: 97bayramova!

Love Modeling, but have not started it yet exposed ankles only Down to earth guy who enjoys the company of friends and family. Long term oriented.

Goal oriented and career focused.

Trying to delete this app! got my shin pads ready
 CO-PA
Drexel Rugby long hair, please care  

leo, INTP Let's ghost each other. 'Tis the season  Not into girly guys or crazy/needy people... I Love the outdoors, alcohol and super hero movies. Looking for dates/friends with adults not hookups . Live in White Plains. Please be a gentleman.  Billy here! 

Aspiring Clinical Mental Health Counselor

I believe that cheese should be its own food group. If you disa-BRIE, than we wont be a GOUDA match. 

If you couldnt tell, I love a good pun. 

I love and advocate for all people, mental health, and our LGBTQ* community/fam! 

 looking for a man who loves love, who is family-oriented, and who loves dogs as much as I do. I also want a man who shares my love for food, board games, outdoor adventures, and showing kindness to all 6'4" Truth or dare ?
 bad at answering here so u can message me on insta @laurenmarieknee Don't be afraid to catch eels. -Katy Perry
 Just a lil addicted to coffee Does anyone actually like watching scary movies!? Say heyy or tell me about your fav movie nyc x edi
a fuckin loser

Ig @xmayafox I am 18 years old idk why it a saying 24 and I dont know how to fix it  22 Procrastinator extraordinaire, Netflix binger, notable flaneur, fun enthusiast; love hikes, the ocean and tea^_^

 - raised looking for mischief in the city

Kdrama | Sci-fi | Afrofuturism

The office is my background noise.
 
"I am deliberate and afraid of nothing"
(Audre Lorde) 

Just here to play with your dog tbh


 im just chillin IG A.figsz Go ahead and drop a line  I'm Panamanian.
Spanish and English.

I used to play piano. I still do, but I used to, too
(not really into yoga)
Also, why do people put just ask in their bio.
What type of nonsense is that thicc n cute What is like dating me.. 
ever order 10 wings and get 11? Originally from Japan. Currently a student pursuing Sociology. I enjoy talking with and getting to know people.

Favorite music genres: Big band/Swing, 50s, 70s, classical, vocaloids. 

Hobbies: Swimming, Japanese archery, singing, foreign languages. 
JPN/ENG/CHI/GER Brooklyn, NY 

 : Chicagoland |  | : Syracuse   goofy I love to sing  a friendly person and I love people   not the girl you see in movies,  the girl you read about in books.. I wont be the girl you want to show off in the club, but Ill be the girl you wanna wake up to on a Sunday morning with a cup of coffee Capricorn EMT In training Totally willing to make a fool of myself; this app provides so many opportunities

According to some personality test online  agreeable, conscientious and neurotic so take that as you will. 

Most of my life choices are determined by buzzfeed quizzes , books, music, . Avocados are still gross  So, you just gonna match with me and not say nothing? 

Seeing what happens, LTR, Friends 5'3"
Looking for a rollerblading buddy and someone to go on weird adventures with

Also dont care about your dog  Latino boy  originally from venezuela living in NYC In CT for a bit before moving to Brooklyn If you're an open minded guy who's down to my kind of deal, Lets not waste our time and message me on INSTAGRAM cause i don't talk here.

IG: @ashlyn_posse Currently working full time in banking and graduating this year with my bachelors in criminal justice & criminology. I keep myself busy but know how to prioritize my time.

- Traveling & Long Drives
- Seeing New Places
- Red Wine 
- Kayaking & Walks

Trying this again and seeing where it goes. Looking for something serious,  an open book so feel free to ask me anything. Looking for the Frankie to my Grace essentially. writer, music theatre lyricist, & self-identifying slytherin (cry for help?) | all-in for cats and the movie Contact ig: congratizzle
49 aquarius infj  
here to make a friend thats all  Moved to the city after finishing grad school and am looking for someone to explore the city with! all my hair, teeth, and skin are my own and in this economy, could you really ask for more?!

 just trying to find someone who can teach me the proper way to fold a fitted sheet Happy 2019!! Lets all be creative and spread the positivity! My name is Vivvie! I work in a Musuem and love history. Musical theatre nerd. Looking for real and genuine people who want to connect. Love to walk, go on adventures, read, sing, dance. Having long conversations over food and drinks are always welcomed. 

Send me a message and let the words flow! Idk what to say.... Some finance nerd with pretentious hair
When I was 5 I thought the land across the way from the beach was Britain. Nope: Long Island.
Huge fan of skiing, golfing, lifting, the Rangers and other generic preppy white dude shit
6 ft Trying this out  55


Creative, Giver, Lover, Hot Mess, politically woke , & Chronic Anxiety Sufferer... Let's talk about capitalism
 87 because apparently that matters on here. Cut my hair off (for my curls health, stop asking pls) just to find out I'm still adorable:)
21
Denver Broncos
HipHop / R&B
Verified funny bitch
ig: kyliepenta_ Dating me is like biting into an oatmeal raisin cooking and then realizing it was a chocolate chip cookie and then realizing it was also an edible. Send me a playlist  wanna have fun ? Lmfao HMU  Find the missing important thing on my profile picture and send me your answer on my IG, i will give you a special reward :*, im not often here in Tinder, message me your answer ok @ dishy_melva Drummer, musician. I love to box and starting to learn MMA. Love riding my motorcycle.
I have fun, and hoping to find people that love to have fun too. 
Hit me up, dont be shy. I love to talk and listen intently.  small, dark & handsome   a dreamer  Very Irish just count my freckles
I hate flowers. Youll never have to buy me flowers. Pizza however
Guilty pleasures: drama, Chocolate ice cream, and binge watching marvel movies. Yoo  high, whats your name? Current relationship status: made dinner for two, ate both. Slovakian girl living in US and looking for some new friends 
Dancer  Pretty enough to stop your heart  
Smart enough to start it back up  Ig-deanmalandro I love music, art, fashion I have alot of creative outlets and hobbies of mine. I love listening to music I'm especially trying some rising musicians rather than the superstars rn a lover of the universe, and potentially, a lover of yours  Probs eating ice cream and listening to public radio

Tall grl 5'11" Loves dancing, crime documentaries, and snacks. Ethically non-monogamous. Bad at tinder, don't take it personally. Just trying to live, message me if youre down for the ride  Hey  jasmine, I like to watch horror movies, cook, play basketball, dance, and I love animals 

 57 
Black/ Caribbean 19 || NJ || country music, long car rides, being outside, im 5ft, and  addicted to coffee Just seeing what all the hype is about. Ask me questions, maybe Ill answer
If you dont have an abounding sense of humor.. get out of my way!

No racial hang ups. Lets chat!  
Coffee date? need me a lil boo  You know what? Bye. LMFAOOOOOOOO I have a portrait of John Waters above my bed. Cass
23 Have nothing going on this weekend...looking to play...nostrings only...not on this alot..so if u like..heres my nmmbber forforthree fivninetoo fivesixohthree..lets have sum fun! Hi  Justin,
24 year old
Suffolk, LI
Work in public accounting at LI firm
CPA
Interests include: Watching and playing sports, watching tv shows, movies, going out, hanging out with friends, traveling, Disney Trying to see what catches my eye
No hookups
Follow me on ig Carolynisabel  I'm not the girl you'll marry. But I'm the one you'll be thinking about 20 years from now while you engage in polite sex with your boring wife, who fakes her orgasms to make you feel better about your recedingg hairline... Hangout?  down but there's a catch just Message me on INSTA to know what the catch is... IG@marylovablesexy I like adventures 
 not looking for anything, if we vibe we will be friends
I just want cool ppl that dont give a shit to hang out with and do stupid things or to just chill in the middle of nowhere  gonna swipe right if I think you
  Insta: sabrinaxx_069
 Brooklyn. Photo Editor/Archiver. Bookseller. Photographer. Dog Mom. Avid Reader. Night Owl. Witchy. Collector. Sparkly. Plant Hoarder. Murderino. 420. Lipstick Wearer. Bird Feeder. Awfully Sentimental. Aspiring 46er. Bruised. Rapunzel Wannabe. Evolving. Hail Yourself. 
Sorry, my dog wont like you.

Libra  Sagittarius  Virgo   Insta: jacksonnoliginno
Tell me your tattoo story and your favorite 80s band. And If you have a cat I definitely already swiped right. Lifes a party, rock your body send me your favorite gif UD19 leftist non-binary weirdo from Portland, OR. passionate about national parks, bookstores, cooking, long walks, and reading. I value compassion, humility, and curiosity. let's sip coffees and ramble about dumb stuff.

(my hair is all gone) (they/them) (if you're only into men, please be aware that I'm not that) My life dream is to go on family feud and win the speed round   cha cha cha  YALL GON READ THIS LONG BIO TODAY !!
-
- I switch it up a lot..
-if u lookin to just fuxk gwan yuh way doh swipe
-be the cinnamon to my f****** cinnamon apple ( Dont waste my time like seriously man)( I reiterate dont waste meh flickin time  plz and tanks)
-please dont be a creep
- A dark skin man with a beard would be nice 
working on this confidence shit 
- 59.-510 sooo if u not that 
- not skinny
-Ft is better 
-Anime :)
-I just want somebody thats cool a NYC 
Yes that is the Eiffel Tower Originally from St. Petersburg, Russia
Currently in Washington, DC

Intelligence matters! Welp  Don't know what I'm doing in life why would I know what I'm doing here.  looking to meet someone interesting to hang out and have new experiences with.

If youre just looking for a random hookup, just be up front about it. Learning Russian, piano, Java/C++ | Mexican | Taurus | Ambivert | 
Double major in Business Marketing and LatinX Studies 
Send me a gif  Graduated Working. Music  LeaderTravel 
Tell me your favorite song! Parlez-vous Franais? Hmu, looking for friends to go clubbing with 
Don't bother asking me if I'm into threesomes cause I'm not   dl. Looking for rn  ITSP/Leo 

Send me memes & buy me food. Please come up with something more interesting than dinner and a movie.

If I dont answer its either because I deleted the app or my son is watching YouTube  Tell me your favorite pick-up line 
Just your typical cute, funny, redhead with some sass 
Always keep it  Hi  funny sometimes Accounting Student at NYU Cant get into my other account I looove tall guys im nice please dont hurt my feelings Just wanna vibe with someone Cosmetologist
Makeup artist
Tattoos Brooklyn 
Jamaican/Chinese 
Have a sense of humor 

@Mzkeriix3 Young and Vegetarian looking to meet new people
Snapchat Chelsie406 All about that money Hi my name is jocelyn I'm a actually 17 but shhhh don't tell anyone . I love to draw, read, play with my dog, and eat!! I'm a senior in highschool atm but hopefully  planning on attending Pratt institute in NY soon so yayy! Let's smoke a bowl, watch The Office and turn in early  press me with your Vine & Anime knowledge 
Yes, these are my real locs
420 Friendly
Dont fuck w. Me. I got the power of engineering & anime on my side
Good vibes and nothing less College grad with a humble attitude and ever-expanding mind  Leo. Travel .
Lets do pizza . 
If you dont like pizza, please continue to swipe. Not here for a long time but a good time Fun girl looking for the one You miss 100% of the shots you don't shoot 55
Bio Major
Loves animals.                                  This shit is wack all you niggas want is an easy fuck  In Nice for 4 days. Looking for friends, or maybe hook up. 
Feminist. Art lover. Traveler. 
I am here for, but not limited to, my Tinder meme start-up website.

 A brazilian girl lookinh for new stories  Looking to meet someone neat. trans playwright human weirdo

managing a coffee shop until my big break

@everetticent press me, make me want to know how youre doing, make me want to discover all of you and Ill give you the world in return. Driven and supportive. An artist. A fashion lover. Music lover. Just a lover in general. Lets talk! I don't know why ppl are always asking me dom or sub on this app but it's always dominos for me. I'm not much into subway. young profession living in brooklyn 5'9" 
Elementary School Teacher

P.S. please stop with the inappropriate teacher jokes, its not cute 
 "The more I think about it, I feel like a crock pot would be a great thing for you."

NYC; 6'3"; open relationship I can outsmoke you
I can outsmoke ya moms
I can outsmoke ya grandfather Dates and friends. Lets get a drink and some nachos. If you prefer original cheezits over the white cheddar ones, its just not gonna work out. Gotta draw the line somewhere. 

I produce multimedia stories for humanitarian issues

58 // ig: _jackduran I actually hate this app LOL. Was looking to be old school but meeting people that way is hard . If you're looking to potentially stay around for a bit, shoot me a message. 

If you wanna just hit it, look somewhere else! Dont waste your time!

 Dramatic for comical effect, but also just dramatic. Constantly listening to music, occasionally dancing in public. Happy hour is my favorite sport right behind binging tv dramas. Look at all those chickens

NYC based
 Here for friends
Greenz baby 
Gemini 
52
: queen.ofpetty
Ig: Slaymay_ Pronounced uh-lee-sa.

Must be okay with being insulted (affectionately?)
 Fried chicken and an intellectual conversation? 

I only date registered voters ask me about my Meatwad impression 

fat chick / music / tattoos / coffee / disney / NYM / pizza / nhra / penguins / adventures / sharks / cigarettes / driving / stupid faces / other shit

live in brooklyn, work in manhattan, always on long island 

ethical non-monogamy  unh xc/t&f 59 if that matters lol
 really bad at messaging first and starting conversations lmao
I always look angry but  promise  not!

Also if I super liked you, it was probably a mistake Must Love Slytherins Fashion design & running   Made for you  bloody marys > mimosas
sunrise > sunset
cats < dogs (no contest)
Law & Order > CSI (also, no contest)
savory breakfast > sweet breakfast

Dont agree? No problem. Lets debate.

Just tryna to find the one to sip endless amounts of wines with while traveling the world  

*If you dont like Greys Anatomy or Harry Potter please swipe left .

Ill always love my dog more, trust me.

Someone get me off this damn app 


IG: morgaannalexis Brooklyn 
Capricorn 
Knock knock  An extrovert model who is looking for some fun 
Lets get to know each other on snap ashleyk977  looking for someone I would have a real healthy relationship with. 
Future Registered Nurse Lynbrook
I have my nipples pierced I just want to meet someone whod except me as I am . 
Friendship wanted . 
Pisces  Fuck boys spare me and swipe left   Professor often on the move 
Teaching  Politics & AI  

Better be weirdly interesting  Horses are my fav &
 currently going to school to become an elementary school teacher people that decide to not hit me up are like shoes that you have but never tried on .. dont be that shoe. hmu :). Friends or more 
Shoot your shot 
Do it for the mems Whiskey drinker. Sleep is bae. Waiting to earn enough money to travel the world. Huskies are bae too. looking for pen pals  theres a good chance  taller than you
take me out on valentines day 
venmo me @em_robertss  I need improve my English can u help me?  Film enthusiast. 
Favorites include but are not limited to: Hiroshima Mon Amour, Persona, The Double Life of Veronique, Eraserhead, Picnic at Hanging Rock, La Jete, Mirror 

Ayn Rands self-assurance without the problematic ideology. 

Recommend movies, talk about cats, challenge my beliefs.

*Tinder butchered my photos, oh well. lookin for friends . I love to dance and want to meet new people I'm a pansexual cartoonist in NYC. I love movies (any genre, depends on the mood), video games, comics, StarWars and anime


I'm also hard to get really talking, but once I'm comfortable with you I'm hard to shut up. important to know :  a food lover 
love outdoor activities - natures key 
enjoy dancing out- and exploring new things  Fashion merchandising major
Vegetarian
Dog lover 
Somewhere on the beach Act natural  a nurse  510   kindve a bad person. Constantly horny. Will probably say I love you during sex. I dont mean it. Lets smoke and hang
Not looking for anything serious In New York till the 22nd! Just looking for someone to show me around since  new and have a good time while  here :) Just moved to NYC for an internship :) aries and 54 
snap: kiaraaaajessicaa Cars , subies, bimmers, white guys, hopefully u have the same humor as me also try and hold a conversation cause i dont have snapchat 
Ever seen a car with pink lights? Love anything dogs, tattoos, walking dead, discovering new music.  Sarcastic, can be a bit of a smart ass, and like to think I'm funny. 

You're probably cooler and more attractive, but I have a great personality! Working as an Artistic Assistant at a nonprofit in NYC 
GWU '17 - Dance and Costumes
Family and friends come first
Haven't met a cookie I don't like 
If you can make me laugh, quote movies, and cook me pasta you'll most likely win me over  a medical assistant Full time student who is down for a good time  Add me on snap @alexbae9191
Follow my insta @alexbarbatsuly 
I love memes and food lmfao Not here for hookups. Add me on ig:@_laynis I'm Elizabeth
I'm 22.  a photographer
***If all you want is someone to hook up with, then just swipe left cause that's not gonna happen here***
Just looking for new people to talk to. Hopefully a decent guy
Color guard member and cheerleader at heart
A little bit of a hopeless romantic Yes, I do work with SpongeBob. No, I will not give you the krabby patty formula.  majoring in chem and going to boating school with SpongeBob. The fry cook paycheck isnt that great, but  working with it. Hello there ...
I love to explore the unknown :)  
R 
Edco jor 

swolemate? Follow my insta @cocoa_madness                         : unique_alex10 I always face the left in my pics because my face gets my messages left on read -covers eyes to flee scene- Wheeze
Send memes 25yrs Hey im Jozelyn aka urban hippy and im not like normal girls.I'm just a hippie trying to live a happy high life. But I can say I'm the weird and goofy one at all times. I'm looking for someone to getting know and have fun with and also someone for the long run. 420 friendly.But hey get to know me I'm a dope person... 52 but my attitude is 63 ;) 
I probably swiped right for your dog How much does a polar bear weigh

 American Sign Language, English, Spanish and learning Portuguese. Lol hahah talk about communication. 
Lets be friends 
Lover of all animals  Photographer. Filmmaker. Freelancer. 

Passionate about bread.

Stop asking me to be in your threesomes, I can plan my own.

Sex positive
Feminist
 
Poly

*in an ethically non-monogamous relationship*

*hate to ruin your fun but theyre wigs. my hair is short af I study literature between naps Hey, I'm Emily! Florida girl living in New York City pursuing my dream of acting. Looking for someone as competitive as I am to come over and play board/card/video games with me. My friend dared me to reactivate this. If I super like you I did it by accident. Just moved to town, looking for new friends and experiences! From Sacramento, CA so  basically Greta Grewig. Country roads, take me home
To the place I belong
West Virginia, mountain mama
Take me home, country roads
All my memories gather round her
Miner's lady, stranger to blue water
Dark and dusty, painted on the sky
Misty taste of moonshine, teardrop in my eye
Country roads, take me home
To the place I belong
West Virginia, mountain mama
Take me home, country roads South African livin in Brooklyn, and yes, I still have the funny accent. 
Socially awkward, but great sense of humor, I swear. 
I have four tattoos, my eyes are three different colors and coffee is the key to my heart. living in NYC

-photographer
-bored
-I like hats haha

I supposedly look like Theophilous London, Dev Hynes, and Kid Cudi; so that's a thing...

* FYI I never super like by accident lol * Taurus Ayee 

Thick, tatted ginger looking for buddies & chicken nuggies. 

I have my mothers eyes and my fathers anxiety. Art, sleep, & cannabis enthusiast. 

Lets make a grilled cheese? bad bitch
ig & snap: gabstevez 
Instagram: giannasciortino_ At all times there is a 99% chance I am either laughing, crying, or both. I moved to PA from Brazil a few months ago and Id love to meet new people.  into soccer, love food and discovering new places! 
only on here to make friends and bond over underrated jazz/funk records and films.

spotify: krystalmw
apple music: coinlockerbaby I love to travel, cook, drink beer, hiking, sports, dance, cheese lover and law student. Why take the life so serious? Equally a Dawsons Creek and Game of Thrones Enthusiast. Art is cool. Photos are cool. Student loans arent cool. Ecuadorian latin girl a little shy 
Architecture student  travel lover 
Francophone tudiante   Snap @giannareale Speech Pathologist in the making. 
No kids. Not looking for hookups, neither for a Pen Pal . 
Let's see how this goes... For so long my profile has been just quotes and 4 pictures. Now I'll add some items in hopes of bettering my chances lol.

I am not looking for a hookup, so please don't ask me that question again. I am looking for someone to invite me out to enjoy the day with. I am LTR focused, and I get it. This is tinder. But I can only hope for the best.

Always remember:  tomorrow is a new day. Life goes on, and so should we.

"I don't mind making jokes, but I don't want to look like one."
-Marilyn Monroe idk Idk 22 facebook won't let me change my age
Talk to me about how much you hate Jeff Bezos
Sippin on that dumb bitch juice all day long  Just here to expand my sweatshirt collection

Taco Bell is superior, I can drink my body weight in wine, big fan of sarcasm, and I can dunk in heels.

Trying to find someone wholl hold my hand in public and throat in private Recent graduate living in Williamsburg 
What are you reading?

Must love traveling and doggos. Lets cuddle and watch Forensic Files.  22 
Originally from Chicago
Recent grad in Apparel Design
Love reading, history, coffee and art  outgoing, friendly, interesting, and energetic. Beer and disco! I am open mined i like to read. I also write short stories ( but im to shy to sure them). I sweet and i care about anyone that get put in my life. I love spending time with friends and family.  a single mom and i love working with kids and i hope to own and run my own daycare. - no hookups
- id like to think im very neutral Scottish  Recently moved to NYC!  looking for someone to show me around to all the best places Brooklyn has to offer! Coder during the day, foodie during the night. 
Love to travel, draw, sing, and play guitar. 
Looking to meet some like-minded people 
Yes, that is my mom. 

Ice Breaker: Tell me a corny joke

Insta: hyeonjun93

 I'm a painter and I love art , galleries & museums Do you ever ask yourself why you're swiping on this app while the earth is literally dying and democracy is disintegrating? 

5'2", depraved and irreverent.  whats your favorite Michael Scott quote? Always down to meet good people             56  Keeping it short and sweet 
I promise I smile a lot more than my photos might lead you to believe  Long Island 
IG: tracyrendano avid flosser Looking for someone to grab drinks or some food with. Into confidence, vodka tonics and having some fun. Say hey. brazilian
instagram: manu_buenoo  picky but  worth it so if I swipe right just know u made ur momma proud  FMOIG:@chaneln_16 idk what I'm doing but I just wanna find someone nyc You know what  here for Brand new to New York from Orlando. Looking for anything that comes my way. I love to make people laugh and meet new people. Say hi! Guitar. Vocals. Ukulele. Poetry.
Awkward dance moves and dad jokes. Most people that know me would say 
Fun-loving, funny, passionate and I value
Friendship. My friends are everything to me. Theyve helped me through a lot and that bond is irreplaceable and a whole lot of fun. Friends and family first, then everything else after.  
I am in nyc for a year I've always prided myself on being myself and trying to stick true to who I am and how I was raised.

if you have a Insta follow me or DM now its anamartin_29 thanks ;)   add me on snap @ Red_chal
Insta @chalunaa
Swipe right  Likes: feminism, leftist politics, poetry, figs, the critically-acclaimed music of Carly Rae Jepsen, irony

Dislikes: camping, cilantro, irony

nice midwestern goth looking for someone to co-parent my cat Fusilli

send me a list of episodes of Beat Bobby Flay where Bobby Flay loses

I probably know all the gossip about your favorite author My grandfather survived the Battle of Midway but died in his front yard from a heart attack at 46. 

Earlier that month, the Beatles released Revolver. Groundbreaking took place for the World Trade Center. Mao Zedong outlined his Cultural Revolution. The Soviet Union launched the Luna 11 to photograph the moon in orbit. Once it arrived, debris lodged itself in an attitude control engine. The probe couldn't aim properly. It transmitted images of the blackness of outer space instead.  a dog lover 
Shoot your shot. 
Looking for that special girl.
IG: Moisesk86 Music, art and passion.
Looking for a bassist/guitarist.
Text me Looking to meet new people and go from there I never disappoint   a hopeless romantic BUT dont try me ! Just a semi awkward guy going through the motions of the thing called life. 
I love going to the movies, hiking, kayaking, reading, and gaming. I also love animals and I have two dogs of my own.  not sure exactly what to expect from tinder, but it would be nice to meet some cool new people and form some new connections. A long term relationship would be nice, but I guess well have to see where this new experience goes. And if it matters,  56?  I like tattoos, aliens, and spooky shit
If I superlike, its on purpose

Transgender man Grad student living in New Haven, CT. Christian. Coffee lover. Probably planning my next adventure out of town. Soy viajero compulsivo, un poco distrado y espero que siempre me busques
Cudame que estoy perdido, hay lluvia en el camino, agua de coco y de uva
Vivo siempre agradecido, aunque me contradigo por buscar mis excusas
Te confieso que espero que t entiendas mejor que yo mismo lo que tanto me asusta. For shits & giggles but  funnier in real life  swipe left if under 6ft & if ur only looking for hookups SUNY New Paltz Class of 2018 Psych Major & Art Studio Minor 
Mental Health Counseling Graduate Student at Fordham University 
Gin & Tonic 
New Yorker 
Aries 
Artist?
 funny and smart HMU if you feel the same. Do not message me if you are and/or aspiring to be a fuck boy. I am not interested. I do not put out. 

Now that thats out of the way....

B. Is for Brittany. 
Lets see if you got this far.
Home body with little bouts of night life and adventure seeking. 
Looking for my soulmate. Not on some lame shit either. I dont think Ill find him on tinder, but hey its worth a shot. 
I like old school things and family traditions. What are your favorites? 

Message me if you want to go on a real date. the human equivalent of a string bean
59 I like to eat and lift heavy things 
Ig @shree.kis Looking for my next fat & pretentious husband
My favorite bands are Jimmy Eat World & Alice In Chains
 GARBage sorry not sorry
ZONT talk to me (but text first cause I wont)
My car is better than urs
gemini
I like tarot cards, astrology, and crystals (metaphysical gal over here)
I ZONT hookup
I love dank memes, LIKE I LOVE MEMES.
shower me with gifts and compliments
I love love love attention so give it to me 
I AM the thicc goth gf 
Queer 
 Always ready for a new adventure!  Columbia '19  | MPH Epidemiology & Applied Biostatistics  

INFJ 

Looking for a relationship founded on friendship. Tell me your favorite place in the city and lets take it from there! 

Little spoon, if it gets there. 



P.S. we cant talk if youre one of my students, so say goodbye to that fantasy  
insta: tracy_lizbeth i like playing on my Nintendo switch  computer engineering major with a minor in caffeine intake / bing 21

6,  hugs, great in bed (at sleeping)

i literally restarted my tinder sm so if we rematch, ur apart of the elite / insta: mallyblenman Dog person 
Jeep girl
Rangers hockey
Go with the flow I work for a kickass nonprofit and I live for parks&rec, Harry Potter, and most things theatre
 Future Teacher. Dog Lover. Bravo Fanatic. World Traveler. The Mom Friend.                            If I wanted to make the first move Id have a bumble. Dominican/Irish
Don't text me asking if I wanna fuck, thanks I was told I need to socialize before I forget how I can parallel park                                          
 probably watching Friends 
Also a dog mommy talk to me about something interesting
snap: ashleyy006 Southern Connecticut state university 
Fitness  
Enjoy walks and hikes 
Enjoy being active, playing sports   
dont swipe right if u dont bump the fire 
venmo me: @killahc Love traveling, exploring new places ...especially  new restaurants.  Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored. Big fan of dad jokes. I'm teaching assistant at Astor and I love the puppy filter on snapchat lol  
I'm in love with everything Harry Potter, Disney  and the Office
I have a cat that hates me 
If you want to know anything else about me just ask.
I have a mason jar obsession
Oh and I hope you love sparkles because I promise you, you'll find sparkles.
Not looking to hookup 
Looking for some new friends 

Ask for my snapchat I have a cat named Tuna Fey & I make a bomb cheese plate  NYU Tisch Film/TV '20
Music lover, activist, foodie, thrill-seeker, self proclaimed meme lord 
Swipe left if you aint down for me to twerk on you in the club 
A boo for cuffing season? 
Trust me, I'm a sweetheart 
Come let me light you up 
Don't be so glum, it's Christmas somewhere  Marine Biology Major and Chemistry Minor 
UNCW20
52

message me if you want to know more 

looking for someone i can be silly with, laugh, and just have a good time Swipe left if you drive a mustang. I like a man with a brain.                                         Just looking for a cuddle buddy. I know. Stupid, strange, odd. Lol. I don't want a relationship or anything like that. Just a new friend to hang with and laugh with. Everyone wants a piece of this google glass LTR oriented, but I love to have some fun too ;)
Cant say that  into night life, but sometimes fine with right people. 
Parks, museums, movies, beach, food. play with my dog, not with my heart
red heads, please swipe right Post-op queer transwoman,rocker chick,Caribbean cutie
Please do not message me if you have no intentions of meeting . I don't like liars so tell me your intentions so you don't waste my time 
I dont smoke so 
Send me a meme so I could see if we have the same type of humor and if not 
Tryna bless me ??  Cashapp: $AniyahJ27 College Grad here looking to vibe with cool peeps and take it from there New York/Denver 
EA by Day
Bi / she - hers
Artist
Musician soundcloud.com/anna_grace_grace            Dog Mom and Plant Mom                                    HMU  Snapchat: Krissy_babiiixx
IG: itszkash
Get to know me while  here.. Moving to Florida soon
NO IM NOT LOOKING FOR HOOK UPS Some of my interests include:
-Wes Anderson films
-Owning too many pairs of TOMS
-Late night rides on the A train
-Spending my paychecks on theatre
-Being disappointed with Florida No onions. No coffee. ig- alexisscarnati 21  Brooklyn, New York Italian  Irish  
insta : daniellerussoxo 
Snapchat: daniellerusso15
Blue lives matter 
Down 145 lbs and counting   a very fun spontaneous person whos down to talk . Hmu  not my chair not my problem thats what i say From the first & worst state living in the best city in the world. I like wining, dining, art & theatre. Live in Flatbush. Travel a lot for work. I hate technology, let's adventure! Say  Founder & Cycle instructor 

Nyc - 1.19-23

NYC often - moving early 2019 I bet I can quote more vines than you

UConn '21
Theatre Studies
American Sign Language Aspiring music business professional. Just checking out this Tinder thing. Instagram : @levidsalazar
Snapchat : @cx_levid
 I have 3 tattoos and 4 piercings if that matters  oh and I am a Yorkie Dad {Chase} 
- Hmu! My friends forced me to make this. Please dont tell me about your friend who pierced your ear with a safety pin in your moms kitchen when you were 15.

No I dont want to pierce (or see) your dick. Like seriously.

Thick n chunky like salsa 

Lets smoke a bowl or 10.  
I just wanna find my future someone thatll make me happy with adventures and vice versa

Love: movies, food, walks, reading (depends), dancing, playing video games, ice skating, playing sports, amusement parks, beach New to this app :)  just Crazy as hell...
Lets chat  Penn State Alumna  
Go birds  im that bitch...if you dont know me,
swipe to accordingly.  Tell me your first screenname and I'll tell you mine 

Bi, in an open relationship, mostly looking for cute girls  @katieborghesi French living in nyc bios are disclaimers, no im not going to tell you what youre in for (hint: its lots of affection and politics) 
 
 
  interesting  @ __yoll  zoop!  We can talk about dogs and Travis Scott  not talented or hardworking but im funny sometimes and I listen good 

rum n coke enthusiast, chronic procrastinator, aspiring physical therapist, eternal dumbass rugby, adventures, & making out  MBA Grad and working in Finance Tech. Open to new friends! Hello it me
 pan, poly, and just trying to find my way Introvert trying to be more social & shit









IG: Ashley.Cadet Love music, art, comics. 6'3" single Asian male. Phoenix  SF  Vegas  NYC. Living in Brooklyn. 

Resident physician specializing in pediatrics in Brooklyn. Food and gym are my hobbies. Checking yet another one of these apps out. 
Open to friends, dates, fun (). Nice guy here, hit me up! 22, American and Colombian. Fluent in Spanish and English, can also speak Italian. Singer! Love music, adventure, movies and soccer. Really looking for a fun time so hmu just looking to get to know some like-minded people

part-time student, part-time wannabe artist

avid music listener 
insta: warmdepth Yktv  
Down for w.e. Tell me as it is ty
FYI  terrible at texting this is like my 23rd time on this

moving to NYC soon,  someone let me sleep under their bed for 500 dollars

(i make a mean chocolate shortbread too,  no extra charge)  Here for the puppies 
 Adventurous and curious . I love outdoors and cooking random food .  known for my hipster style but what do I know 

Hopeless romantic 

Hedonistic ** Yes , its a real word haha *** Hmu lets see what happens  
Down to earth Cause why not This is a place for me to find a man not to debate. If you hate yourself please do not message.  sick of 6 and a half foot tall queens reading me through a screen. Probably gonna meet you smoke a blunt and get something to eat. Enjoy.  a musician and songwriter.
Also a wine enthusiast who loves adventures. I'm a simple girl lookin for a trusted guy, for now im single and ready to mingle,, im not judgmental person trust me and you can get me  im even down to any kinda fun i'm a COWGIRL who down for fun ,,,im even down to hookup all i need is respect , Trust is hard to come by , that's why my circle is small and tight . i'm kind of funny about making new friends , u can add and message me on Instagram and say HEAVEN	if youre interested for meet up ! Dm me IG @ itsmejade24
 Cats. Coffee. Kindness. Jokes/Puns 
All I ever want is food tbh

Also here to see what could come out of this maybe something serious or some friends MN-->NC-->NYC 

polyamorous
stage manager

talk intersectional to me. 

Please send me your favorite emojis. 


I consume a lot of media: TV, movies, comics, novels, and theater. Get me started on any of these, and we can have an immediate conversation. I'm not really a tough nut to crack. Ig: Keepnupw.nyy Funny mans only Just a dancer from Miami, exploring NYC and pursuing my goals 

I genuinely drink too much coffee and watch too much Food Network. born and raised brooklyn and i guess i'd say i like to FIGHT
 You can swipe left, I am not interested. Or you could not swipe left. And if we match (but more likely we don't) we could talk about how we are not into meeting people, somewhere while not drinking coffee, because I don't like coffee. And maybe not starting a relationship, a friendship or an enemyship.

Is this confusing? Wait until I actually talk.
(I am 1m75 tall. No, I do not use the imperial system. Yes, I start my sentences with conjunctions on purpose. No, I won't close this parenthesis. 
 nyc livin whats up biddies  _()_/ 

if ya racist, sexist, homophobic, transphobic, xenophobic, or generally problematic, miss me w that shit and swipe a hard left  

If youre a straight woman on here but your looking for women can you...not... Take me out my bubble Interior Designer // NYC // Infectious smile  Just for kicks and to see cute pics of ur dog Lover of all kinds of music. 
Always Hungry... I love food, marijuana, and sometimes people 

Interested in networking,friends, and dates hi i'm mel.  Just a fun girl whos also an artist, musician, and looking to get her PhD in AI / clinical virtual reality for psychotherapy 

100% a wholesome human looking for positive energy and a good heart   Instagram: palumbiiina Adventurous, hardworker, designer lover. Looking for a connection Originally from Greece, 511
insta: @elias.patt recently fell in love with the gym again. 
easy going and easy to talk to. 
I love meeting new people. 
I love being outdoors. 
swipe right and message me to know more.. Into Harry Potter, nice guys, and pizza.

Still bitter about Hillary & Katya.

I'm a mix between Chandler from Friends & Craig from Parks and Rec.  a bad bitch you cant kill me | if youre lucky Ill show you my dog | 58 I am the master of my fate...the captain of my soul PA  23 
Probably napping, watching Netflix or killin it on at your local dance floor. just here to fuck around  Model by day, professor by night. I'm a very Ambitious, Outgoing, optimistic female that loves to travel and meet new people.
-Interested in dating and making new friends
-Born in Brooklyn but Raised in Barbados   not here to actually meet someone, I just want memes.
 
Poptarts are ravioli and cereal is soup, change my mind. 

I superlike by accident . Niki "La bellezza  solamente negli occhi di dio"
Hardly ever come on here follow me on instagram..
Instagram: nikibabesz Be nice  Pocket Sized Treasure  Uber whore
Type A personality
Ask Latinx. CA born.  Social services design and policy-making. Foodie and fitness nut. Evening runs, park galavanting with screw-top bottles of wine. BBQs and 90s R&B playlists. Nikki
Greek
C-State
Always Smiling
Extremely Sassy
I'm Real.. super sarcastic 
Love FOOD
Need to be able to laugh about EVERYTHING In Florida for the week lets party!
 
19
Csi 2020
Lets be weird together 
No I dont have Snapchat dont ask. 
No I do not want to bang you, move along. 
If you unmatch me because I didnt respond eat a bag of dicks
Tattoos, piercings, sushi all that good shit. Hello!! 

23. Musician. PR in Music Industry Do you ever wonder? Hi. 
I like science and trees. 
And Find out. ecology + art + science communication 
likes trees, drawing, and curious people :)

on a research fellowship from the states  I like rock n roll, alpacas, and finance, in that order. Taiwan/Bay Area  MA

Food (especially East Asian), adventure, dance, music, Kdramas, weird , League 

No hookups no IG: Luxmearose

Looking for a rager to do a whole lotta gang shit with. #weloveArtHoes #AnimHoe Puppies and Kittens are cute... but hedgehogs are cuter   a godmother of 5 beautiful strong babies. Lets get competitive over some Mario Kart. 
fr.es.eng.
More extroverted than my profile suggests
 Just a girl who loves coffee, and vine compilations!  54 and very outgoing. NOT here for a hookup! Talkative, loud, animated, explorative, food, music. All I wanna do is sleep, eat, and watch Netflix.
If you have tattoos plz marry me 420 friendly
#TeamFreeWill
Netflix<3
SSU 18'
Snapchat:  amandadeponte19
Love meeting new people so say hi! 

59. Astoria, Queens born/raised.

i like cats. also beards. and pizza. Hey  Taylor :)  a registered nurse who loves reading, photography, dancing, live music, napping in the woods in my hammock, good beer, and lots of other things Id feel too weird to list here. I wear my heart on my sleeve and love meeting new people :) 

Ig: @iamanotheryou33

58 
Bisexual, Cancer, INFP, Sub 

I would love something serious but will settle for cuddles and someone to pet my head and give me forehead kisses 
 soft af. Bad vibes only  NY  VA
HU21  Lover of Snapchat filters, tennis and the impossible journey of 8hrs of sleep. 

Just trying to save the future, 1 child at a time!
Looking to make some friends and possibly something more. 

QOTD: Do sub tops exist? And if they do, where can I find one?
Not into hook ups so please dont ask 

sc: LibrasVery_Own cogito ergo sum, bro

Attracted to witty humor and self security 
Addicted to traveling and all its forms       
Talk to me about pop culture, philosophy, the environment, geography, etc

No Yeezus slander in this household Always wanna have some fun!!
Love to travel and discover all new things
Down to meet if you're a nice guy lol :)
RESPECT and NO BS pls!
Swipe right!!
I chat on insta
kat3str Plus sized and proud 
Snapchat - Asia_angel94 Pre-Med, aspiring surgeon
Likes: food, traveling, cats, sports, music, horror movies
Hobbies: singing, dancing, sketching and traveling Heyy!  from Ecuador  only here for 2 months vacation and also for practice my English! I'm at Marketing Student and I love sushi ! I'm really easygoing and pretty cool! I love making jokes about everything  straight for the last time, my name is not with a k the best Leo you'll ever meet . /
I'm pretty friendly and nonchalant, always down to chat/meet with new people! (As long as your not a complete a-hole) My son comes first, 23, full time employee  honest with everything . Have a little princess that is arriving in May.   Darius V3.5 Tinder Edition Update Patch notes
- Minor bug fixes
- Loves to draw
- Plays piano
- Works a Full time Job as Supervisor
- Admits to being a Nerd/Dork
- Loves a Good Conversation
- Listens to Beyonc, The Story so Far, Sza and more
- Has declared for House Stark As the Snows fall and the white winds blow, the lone wolf dies but the pack survives
- Can definitely outdrink you  not crazy my reality is just different from yours I'm the Kool Aid guy baby. I will fuck you real good then spray my red liquid into your mouth. No one can resist the sugary goodness of Kool Aid Guy. Now spread those ass checks and prepare for 30 inches of doom. As for the men out there, wrap those hairy man hooks around me and spin me like I want to be spun. I also am a total G btw and love big black ass (men or women). Good vibes, good times 
Instagram: godivabliss i'm ur hope, i'm ur angel
(just here for the experience and friends)

hmu for dance lessons and to talk abt ur dreams

a shoulder to cry on
but i cry a lot too

ur average soft boi with big dreams
 511 
Single ready to mingle. Lmao Living and loving life the only way I know how. Looking for someone to share space with, to tell stories to, to get drunk with, to f*ck with, to conquer the world with, to make change with, to create with... Girls who like guys who love guys who like girls.
Midwest born, professional dancer. Love staying physically active anyway I can. Love Love Love Music of all kinds, and people of all kinds.... I love finding new things to listen to, see and learn from.  LTR oriented. I was voted Most Sarcastic in high school, so take from that what you may.

Also  a textbook Virgo so dont test me. Blogger, traveler, lover of food and culture. 
Passionate, Vivacious and Charming. 
Always exploring. 
Looking to meet new friends in far away places. Lover of food and Netflix 
TCNJ19 business 
TCNJ guys HMU child prodigy. vegan today.

talk to me about witchcraft

theatre student
just got back from studying abroad Ask & Ill tell you everything

Please do not bore me with prolonged small talk day trips, neue galerie, cheeky illustration, kate bush, cooking/reading, sub My world of the insanely sane. 
Proceed with caution || 
I take pictures. 
I dabble in writing erotica 
Find me in the woods somewhere ~

Two truths & a lie: I've been scuba diving in the Red Sea, I have two birthdays, I've never had a hamburger in my life. Go.

Adham sometimes, Ana Masreya other times. Ill have you pinned to the ground begging for mercy before you assume anything about my masculinity / femininity.

      Eating, reading, traveling, and binge watching shows that I rarely ever finish are my life.

Highly educated but I'm also probably one of the most foolish people you'll ever meet (in a good way)

DMVNYC Dominican girl / Leo who lives in Brooklyn  49 curvy. I speak both Spanish and English snap chat is best way to communicate so please have it gracias amigos  just looking for fun  I dont want nothing serious  Living life one day at a time! 
Sushi is the key to my heart 
NYU Rory Meyers College of Nursing I Love Chiken Nuggets And A Good Time ;) Future RN  , looking for a relationship dont hit me up if you aint for it , seventh day Adventist  Instagram @zasons Insta @teekop likes long walks through wegmans

back in nyc for three weeks send me pics of your dog 

Brooklyn, NY 
ig: lesley.mai good vibes and real connections

Reminiscing about my summer in the woods

Cool, down to earth, knows when to laugh, tech, nature, art, music, books, games, fit etc... Hey Hey I'm Jennifer
......idk what to say about myself but hmu
Like I'm cool.....( NOT REALLY! ) Love beach trying different things have dog I love animals than I love park  really just here for a good time, If youre looking for someone that has abs, goes to the gym, and drinks plenty of water....youve come to the wrong place. I like burgers, going out and drinking wine. i dont smile in pics bc my eyes literally disappear 
currently in school to be a teacher.. i think
im a mystery Keep clicking to see my dog   Would you look at that 

 probably the best thing for you since sliced gf bread BA in Spanish from SUNY Cortland, pursuing my Masters in Childhood Education at Queens College, Long Island native, singer, bookworm, Broadway fanatic, feminist, Libra. 

If you truly believe Batman is far superior to Superman, this just might work.

Message me and tell me what book youre currently reading.

Superlike me so I know its real.

*Trump supporters need not apply* Snapchat @theun3xpected

Approach me as though your momma or guardian taught you some manners 

 kind of an asshole (funny but an asshole none the less) so apologies in advance  If you have a pet pic and i swiped right,  i want more pictures of your pet... Punk rock gypsy, i am smol and chubby, working on getting more fit, currently a line cook- into: scifi, anime, comics, star trek, star wars, fantasy books, lord of the rings, folklore and mythos, caramel, steak, kittens, tattoos, myiazaki films, the beach, travel, art, poetry, five finger death punch, arctic monkeys, pie, purple and blue, the used, maybe you ; D 
Not into random hookups

Corny pick up lines might work An old man at a flea market once gave me a lightsaber, so I guess I'm a Jedi now.

Pop culture fanatic. Storyteller. Customer service by day, podcaster and journalist by night. Triflers need not apply.

. Not your .
 61. From Michigan. Wanna go on a hike? A bit shy, but its cool. 
Ill warm up eventually.
A big fan of wine and cocktails. 
Grabbing drinks and having dinner is fun, but lets do something wild. From: 
Living in:
I like to meet new people 
Dont be rude!
Not for sex weird flex but ok My names Tim, and  a photographer living in Brooklyn. Ideally looking for something more serious. Positive vibes only! 
Friends welcome :) Dad jokes and bad puns
Lets get matching tattoos


NYC  Philly Originally from Vermont, in NYC by way of Boston, and trying to make living here as close to an indie movie as possible. Farmers market and tea shop boy, theatre artist, and grad student with no life... but Id like to spend what little time I have maybe flirting with some interesting people, drinking good coffee or (and) beer and swapping book (TV) recommendations. {insta @j_m_gates} I dont know what to say so you should swipe right and ask me instead. What I can say is  new to dating Ive never had an interest in it but  young, dumb ( debatable) and broke .

P.s dont be creepy  Northwestern 17
NYU Grad Musical Theatre 20

64

I live on the same block as a Taco Bell and an IHOP. If that isnt reason enough, I dont know what is. Spanish living in NY. Ballet dancer 
Insta: javierivet_  a hardworking and outgoing person. I love spaghetti and meatballs, those are my favorite.  People say love is the best feeling, but I think finding a toilet when you've got diarrhea is better. alt-fashion 

Looking for cool peeps to get bubble tea with and to go on adventures with (( hHhh  new to the area. Be my friend pls (?) ))
 Lets look cute and watch some anime/cartoons kthx 

Yeah uh the occult is cool,,,
 

 FL  ISRAEL  Stamford  Guilford Sc: widneidy_06
Ig: _widneidys_
Libra weed, geology, mountaintops, music, and cars. 
i can pour a nice latte, and pearl woods. 
i may bite. 
Actually 19*   |    5'11
ig: skylar.gg voici mon cv ..

 Always trying to do activities
Pediatrician-in-training
Open relationship 
 So I'm really nice, I'm loyal, But I'm really shy when I first meet people. If you're looking for a one night stand or hook up I'm sorry but that's not the type of girl I am. I just want a nice guy whos not trying to play games unless theres a controller involved. Also  a gamer i play on Xbox.  58 not skinny. I speak a lil Spanish, Korean and Japanese. I also have a black belt in taekwondo()-used to be an instructor.

I'm Jamaican-American n  Mixed(black n white) Oklahoma  New York 

I still say yall and smile at strangers on the subway. World traveler. College graduate. Pastry enthusiast. Goofball encourager. 

Dogs > Cats Delightful Hates the name branden Brooklyn girl, love animals and games What you give me is what you get. 61 / 159 lbs
based in nyc
Ltr Social 
Not social Tbh, don't really know what I'm on here for.
Mostly into nerd stuff, but the world is p cool. I'm a terrible human being but hopefully that's okay? Languages: 
If we match great let's chat and see where it takes us. If not an intimate relationship I'm always down for having more friends. I like being active and love random car ride adventures to new places.  You get extra points if you message first 
College Student 
Puerto Rican 
Lets smoke and catch a vibe  Low quality photo high quality girl Ukrainian. Currently in the USA. 
"Do you believe in more?"  a bicth whos in desperate need of a cutie to do me right.
I mess with good vibes De los estados unidos 3rd year @ st. andrews.

enjoys travelling (35 countries!), running, photography, history & that feeling when you drink cold water and it goes down your body.

@bookwoof. Cartoonist, animator, stage manager, graphic designer, sound designer, lighting technician, and trying to become a jack of all trades.
Care to join me?
http://instagram.com/c7animatics  Love to be outdoors and like to go hiking and camping. I like to smile, laugh and have a good time. Family is the most important thing to me. I love sports. Steeler fan, yankee fan, and sabres fan. Syracuse athletics. Go Orange! Love Landscape Architecture and Urban Design. Painter, writer, sitcom and horror movie enthusiast and amateur guitarist.

A few of my favorite things: 
Indian food, dancing, telling people I'm great at playing pool, painting, Noam Chomsky's reading list, travel, being terrible at pool, Fred Armisen, biographies, Sam Elliot's mustache, climbing, lamenating, red wine, killing the vibe at karaoke, Godard movies, listening to Careless Whisper 15 times in a row and turtlenecks. 

Presently living in  Great sense of humor & always down for a good time. Laid back, not picky. Just want to have fun  IG: esmeelion IG: icuc2020

Its 2018 youre not stupid ! Please dont waste your time ! 

Looking for people that know how to have a good time . I have a gf so  not looking for a bf . But I do still enjoy , well you know lol

Just like you guys like big breast and butts us women love big thangs . So if youre apart of the elite club ,come on in . Lol  just happy to be here .
.
.No Time For Kid Games ! 
.
.
. Just moved here after an 11 month stint traveling the world. Traveler, 6'3, music-addict, scuba diver. Studied business, medicine, and dance at The University of Texas at Austin. Looking to meet cool people. I was bored & made this dumb shit no cap yktv Maybe were looking for the same thing. Into healing
Art is at the center of who I am
Looking for groovy times

Guy of trans experienceDominicanCubanCosta Rican- Proud Afro-Latino  Prospect Heights
 UES

If I super liked you it was an accident, I promise. Looking for the man who murdered my wife

Only selfies in the same giant sweater until I make a friend who owns a camera, sorry ladies 

Living in Brooklyn and also 8500 feet tall

Heynong man 
 Lets hang out... 
London, Berlin, Stockholm, just here for the holidays and looking forward to meeting new friends.

I dont super like.... Not much to say. I'm weird. Dominican, Puerto Rican and Italian. New here  Trini and Jamaican 

Let's be friends! ADD ME  
________________________________
sc: aaronbackwards ig: Aaron.backwards I refill the brita every time I use it and that is the only thing u need to know about me


ig: amelia_murray My pussy fat my heart is fatter got a brain made of cookie dough batter

Dm if up wanna buy a table Swipe left if youre not 60 Me : how would you describe me to someone who hasnt met me ?

Friend 1 : um I would say that you have a big personality and youre a bitch

Friend 2:  youre kinda funny 

I like both  Just living my best life!  loves Anime. Aspiring English teacher in Japan or Korea. 
Message me,  a chill calm vibe. 
Looking for Friends! 
Needs me an Asian Zaddy.  They need love too. 
Add me on Snap @izzy_nankoo
And insta; @Issamalcrespo Anime, video games, beer, food
Will twist hair for food It's Big Ice 
No creeps . No overly sexualized messages 
Yes Ice is my real name google me bitch 
Ahahaha 
Just be cool  if you're not cool cashapp me $iceiscool & maybe I'll reply back
Snapchat @badgirl_ice
Instagram @cannabissocialite
 where have all the cowboys gone? Insta- hannyc812 Venmo- @NatalieCianci College Student
Media Arts
#vocalist
Looking for friends, possibly more.
Let's see what happens. _()_/ Chicago born, New York based 

Ill paint you like one of my French girls as we eat deep dish pizza  I like my martinis dirty. And back scratches. 19  
P O S I T I V E  V I B E S O N L Y NYC is Home 
Professional Athlete 
Model 
Actor 
World Traveler 
DRAMA FREE

IG: @iamjavsio Follow me on IG: @oscarcuevas

I'm 6'2 and I usually don't smile in pictures.

What's your favorite scary movie?

You should message meI might respond  Italian architectural intern in New York. I love puppies and insightful conversations  Caribea 
versatile mami
natural hair aficionado
artistic

Growing and flourishing every day  Ask Me  an open book  Sassy and Classy
Searching for my Christian Grey
Hard to get and harder to keep hey big head awkward as fuck. *queer as fuck*. neurodivergent. often drunk. cat person, wine person, night sky person. looking for someone to shoot me in the head. open relationship, so i'm prolly just tryna fuck (friends are welcome too but, full disclosure, i may ask to make out if im drunk).
 
food (made by me) insta: @cire.imani

finsta: @meaningless_noise

twitter: @ladyrizay

pls message first
  24 y/o Piscean Pathfinder 

 Mommy 
 Single 
 Anime 
 Gamer 
 Food 
 Music 
 Food 
 Did I Say Food? 
 Red Head 
 Pisces 
 Blahhhh

Cheat Sheet: Conversation Suicide 

- "Hey Sexy" Etc, Keep it simple
- Fuck boy tendencies
- Asking to meet right away .. this is the internet,  I'm a girl, not safe
- Illiteracy 
- And no I'm not down to fuck

Lol if you think I'm stuck up after this then idk what to tell ya bub. Swipe Left?




 like okay kiara we get it you like the sun and have a bad attitude about the cold enough!


@durbannmasala

fav vine: wah wah wah lipstick in my Valentino white bag!!!
fav food: something noodley & soupy probably 
fav drink: ?? 
fav s o n g? 
fav fav 
f a v 
Insta : @moricac 
Art page : @7eyes_rica  

Not in your country but you can be friend with me  Arthur was the best show.

Insta: @i.c.e.r.a.y

Tell me your favorite song.
 Tryna share my chicken nugget/ice cream and act dumb with someone. Young professional. I work unpredictable hours. I like modest people. @santiagomalberu Interior design
Bong rips
Views what are you reading? If you love dogs theres a 99% chance Ill fall in love (with your dog) A creative
57   actually Michael Scott Ig; kmo0re Its Celin...Like Celine Dion

Key to my heart is pasta 

I can write with both hands... so Ive got that going for me

So I like to play a game called Guess this girls ethnicity I always win shy,anxious,&tired southerner trying to navigate this place.

looking to make this year a happy one.  Brooklyn, born and raised

No racists

Lets go for a bike ride Portuguese Actor in NYC Recent grad school runaway, taking refuge in NYC. Also a fairly good artist. Also dead inside. IM 31 FROM BROOKLYN IM BLACK AND PUERTO RICAN IM REAL COOL I CAN GET ALONG WIT ANYBODY AND I LIKE TO HAVE FUN. I LIKE TO JUST CHILL WITH MY PPL THAT LIKE TO HAVE FUN TOOI LOVE MUSIC ITS MY LIFE I LIKE TO LISTEN TO IT AND WRITE IT. IM INTO SPORTS COOKING AND WRESTLING IF U WANNA KNO MORE HIT ME UP Its cool to be kind

Maybe if youre cute enough Ill ask you to join my book club. Yes thats the Target dog. 

World Traveler
Flight attendant living in Brooklyn, New York looking for a husband.

Ill be in Tel Aviv on the 26th lets meet. 

I'm a fun, caring and passionate person who you know you want to meet... 

 a bottom 

I'm really sarcastic but I mean well.

Redheads are my weakness. 

Please if you swipe right engage me in conversation. Lets start with Hello 2019 and im back on that tinder bs certified art loser, dancer, poet, human contact enthusiast, provocateur, former homecoming queen, and an all around person 

New to the city and I need friends !  510 
Model artist dancer 
If u lose me look in the nearest chipotle 
Its not like ur going to read this anyway lol
Lets actually talk though 


Wanna know more ? Ask away I like to have fun :):):):)

 a bottom Ig: piarod
Fashion Designer


Blue hair now  
College student
Dont call my Hazel Grace
 Egyptian New Yorker. Bookworm by nature, occasional party boy by choice. Equally happy having friends over for a home-cooked dinner, cuddling with a good book, or dancing till the wee hours of the morning. Searching for same. Baby wya?

@sameisenberg_ NYC teacher who takes every opportunity to get out of here. So who wants to get on a plane to anywhere with me

@lysstalz  10 points to whoever can guess my full name ;) We need to stop acting like were ugly - my manager on why  single
 sun  moon  rising
 Venus  Mars if it gets there obsessed with circles i like catan and prosecco

if you don't care about height, then i don't care about height

the shirt says "immigrants make america great" Talk fashion to me 
Mhm I have tats 
If you don't like Madonna this isn't going to work. At all. 
 Animals  
 Matchin my style is 
Oh yea..I want someone to give me guitar lessons .. Tempt me Instagram: michelletanner1 NY TEX MEX
   
Anticapitalist

420 Floridian, grad student, enjoy yoga, love to cook  Writer / climber. TSA pre- is a plus. @writepatrick Fun loving guy here  Ryonc lookin for his Bae Z. Just be fucking nice to people 

Tell me about some weird shit  I am from Brooklyn NewYork, I love to draw and sometimes paint, I am on the short side but I have a  big personality thats great , I really love to laugh, anything that comedy is good for me, I am really into Madia shes just Madia oof I forgot  54 maybe 55 now,  looking into getting a relationship and see where that goes  a Virgo. What more could you ever want? Instagram:   dvalerios21  Hallo! 21 years old. Ich hatte studiere in Berlin fr vier Monaten. Ich kann Deutsch ein bischein. Spanish and English. I enjoy museums, techno, art, and clubbing. For arts I enjoy painting, charcoal, and pottery. Looking for people that want to go out to techno clubs! Also if you have any recommendations send them to me ;) want to meet new people, make new friendships, you could super like me and point something out that stood out in my profile and why you and I could vibe with each other. 


 The only way to win my heart is through my stomach.

Future Nurse Practitioner 
Animal lover 
I can dance, cook, & I am an athletic enthusiast 

 down for an adventure & a good conversation  All men are pigs and  in the mood for bacon. Graduate Design Student. MD.NC. Brooklyn.  Not my dog, just willing to bleed to protect them from bigger dogs trying to eat them. Indoor cat trying to be more of a mountain goat. Gamer, sports fan, leftist, kink-friendly. Drinking all the coffee in Bed-Stuy. Up for adventures, but ideally looking for more than just tonight. No bigots. Humility is sexy.

 The most exotic bish youll ever meet 
New York 
Currently in Guatemala hmu sweet girl  um i never went to oovoo javer Looking for friends and dates. 
IG its Joshuacarias. 
  


- 59 for those that care
And I have braces so  a brace face lol OO hi: ZOYA666SEX I love art museums, Japanese cuisine, and rock music.

Send me a message and let's get to know each other. I'm looking to meet some new people 

Instagram: @roseofmanythorns 



 

 I love chicken fingers and sleeping 

Swipe left if u love world peace ! Based in NYC. Undergrad in art history. I love books and movies and art and design (and also talking about those things).

Looking for thoughtful, empathetic people. Just left an LTR so honestly not necessarily looking for one of those -- hoping for friends and new people to hang out with. 6'4", scientist , high IQ (yet I do a lot of dumb things ), NYC is . 
 pretty fun. Not looking for hook ups  live in NYC
Architecture- photography- adventures 
62 ;))
Follow me on IG: @brando_ryan help me im so bored

i like making pictures and animations and stuff like that. yes i smoke weed. I was voted Most Hilarious  Male in High School 

Downtown New Orleans Native 

DO YOU THINK MAXWELL WAS TALKING ABOUT DRUMS OR FLAT ON PRETTY WINGS?

Follow Me @PeauxBoyTreats for all of your Party favors. Delivery All Over The NYC Am I an Android or a iPhone user? You can find out when you meet me. Based in New York.

Love meeting new and interesting individuals from all over the universe. Intellect is very attractive. Philosophy, great music, and incredible art.

Originally from the south. 

KY -> VA -> NY 

59

If we match at least say Hello  

Horrible at communication? Dont even bother. 

* Follow me / DM me on IG @lejoursdechris really grateful just to be nominated 20 year old photographer Brooklyn/White Plains  Dolly Parton is my hero. I buy myself flowers. When youre dating someone & they see you buy yourself flowers, they start buying you flowers, thinking, She shouldnt have to buy herself flowers! Then you have even more flowers.  Instagram: ambe.me I can cook  Let's be that tall couple everyone stares at. 

5'10 5'8

Actor/ martial artist/ comedian
Proud owner of the best pup in the world New York 
Just friends, I prefer to keep my legs closed  22 years old *

-* Queens 
-*  Lover of cats, bibliophile, plant dad, vegan, crochet master.
Here for a good time AND a long time, you can have both you nihilistic cowards.
sunmoonrising
If you feel safe around cops or have a job in finance we aren't a match. Movie /Travel /Cooking /Music 
A grad student at Dallas studies supply chain management moonchile
planted
 I'm not superstitious, but...I'm a little stitious.

Looking for someone to match with and brunch with.

somewhere, studying for the LSAT. Cheese allergy  Hello

 la recherche d'un partenaire de voyage 

Dit-moi ton favorite caf ou restaurant  From Texas!
Working photographer so if you need a new pic let me know!!! Brooklyn Hey! So  a young professional currently in school for PR in fashion and music.  into deep conversations, laughter and adventure and will absolutely try anything at least once.

I can be a homebody but I love going out at the same time so I have a extrovert/introvert thing going on lol.

 down to get to know one another over some drinks, maybe even some wine.

Message me and lets see where things go   

Instagram: bezels

follow me on the gram then slide in to my DMs I barely open this app ;) help me find my twin brother 64 
Maybe you can start the talk with Hi and see what will happen.
Networking Oriented I love to travel.  always looking for a new adventure. Want to go on a spontaneous trip?  your girl - lets get plane tickets. 

Newly single - how do I flirt??

Cat momma. 11 tattoos. Disney aficionado. Redditor. Lover of wine and beer, dancing, poetry, good pizza, the shore, brunch, and reality tv. Lets go do something fun.

Beat me at bowling or something. Or win my heart through trivia.

59, but height is just a number.

Who wants to go to Burning Man??  I like thicc eyebrows.


 Not to sure what peoples intentions are on this app but a friends told me to try it . Hmm  from Brooklyn I love food but I most recently stopped eating meat.  down for the natural hair movement but I also love a great protective style. Make up artist. I love to travel I love to talk and if  quiet then you might just be boring orrr I probably enjoy listening to you. @iamyannim models, photographers , stylist CREATIVES follow me 18*
HMU tho 
Instagram :Brandon.Dinero_
 Bit of a nerd, dog lover , hopeless romantic , creative and free spirited  

I'm sorta shy and suck at talking about myself just get to know me  I have a pet chicken named Peanut Recently moved to Brooklyn. Theatre nerd, sports enthusiast, and all around chill guy. Looking for friends or something more  Venezuelan. Lived in Canada, South Korea and currently for a year in Costa Rica. Enjoy romantic dates and having a great conversations. 

  Insta : ainemcgivney1 
Irish in NYC Any applications without a cover letter will not be considered

The only gay agenda I have is getting on yours

Let's talk TV Karmah Jordan is the name modeling is the game. Model by day || Ninja by night. Step into my world and prepare to be enchanted || because karmah is the only wish that can be granted. 
New IG/Snap: @kar.mah

If you want something Temporary or just looking for sex swipe left pls and thanks Cats  | Chianti  | Critical Theory 

Currently dating myself, but would be down to make it open  Feed me and tell me  pretty Chris

music taste > astrology, as a measure of compatibility 

BKNY


 Sc: cholloran
Ig: courtney_holloran
IN NEED OF A GOOD MAN
Looking for someone to adventure with! Living my most psychotic life. Come join the fun ! Apparel and Accessory Design. 5'5
Hypebeast. Deadass b.
Brooklyn girl schooling in Kansas smh. 
Wholesome 
Follow me on insta: @yvonne_tam Good Vibes ONLY  
420Friendly 

 (1.75) 59

HP and GOT fan  

Hello there person Lets play a game.... who ever matches first messages the other.  

Bam.... I wrote stuff *disclaimer, you will 120% need to message me first because I'm awkward and I'm not afraid to admit it*
-21, not 22
-film student
-I'm a writer who is also art, music, tv obsessed (and coffee, actually)
-kind of a on old soul 
-lot's of fun at parties
-super sarcastic in the best way possible
-idk Eric.  25, Just a dumb ho trying to find her way in the big city  making some friends along the way. 

Insta: foyboy1992
Snap: yeahicheer1992 Queer Colombian looking to dance, practice rope, and smoke with you.

Kink friendly, fuck 12. 

I probably miss you already. Asian

 

tell me your faves Lets just be real, and take away the shame
Falling in love on Tinder? Bruh, that aint the game
 IG @bjoel21
Snap: yo_jo 
Film buff  - - Always down to make shit dank memes  actually 21 its says 23 but  not . 20 yrs old 
Nursing student
NJ  ME self proclaimed disaster & cat enthusiast
new to brooklyn. invite me to your d&d campaign Med student in NJ, say hi! Large scale installation designer from Texas. Check out the Domino Park Playground! Serial napper, big tennis fan, proud plant dad, weather enthusiast and habitual binge watcher. Live and work in Brooklyn.
I don't like tomatoes.
Have an irrational fear of zombies. 
57 Friendly, unamused neighborhood scrub lookin forward 2 the defeat of US empire

/espaol  Ecuadorian 
Instagram: joselynhoyosj In the arts. Into yoga, red wine, and museums. 
Brooklyn
Cat Person. I'm here for movie recommendations... -Can peel banana with feet. 
-Always eating hummus. 
-Have been known to climb gutters while intoxicated. 
-Spirit animal = Ms. Ungermeyer 
-Ravenclaw scene kids only

short girls like tall guys NYU grad student from Brazil 
- Music
- Humor
- All things figure skating + parkour (cause fuck stereotypes amirite?!) Follow me on IG @Kaylynn_nyree  Brooklyn/Philly engineering student :) Daffy. 
  (I'm trans !  )
I can read 
Write  LilTy 
5 1 , 
Realist on anybodys team 
/ BROOKLYNBABY 
your favorite shawty 
 

 ig- @mina.zada 

Tell me which picture made you swipe right 

This app helps me feel somewhat good about myself

Insta: phraancis yall actually use this?

@zoemalaya back on my bullshit in 2019 You can unfollow but you cant unswallow 
PA >> NY  short & I love sleep. I can also outsmoke anyone


Down to do whatever, Not looking for anything serious
Ig: maiapapaya.22 My front camera is broken. Architect working in NYC, living in Brooklyn. Love to travel, food, sports and always wanting to discover a new place. 
Looking for dates and friends. 
Say hi!  Best part of my summer: snacking on wild blueberries by alpine lakes in WA

Recent books I couldnt put down: Educated and 11/22/63

Movie from my childhood that I thought I didnt remember anything about until I rewatched it and cried: Babe i go to rowan im just too lazy to change my location back
apparently im the human equivalent to a shiba inu
  
artist&filmmaker I'm confident with who I am and my place in this world.  Nebraska transplant, freshly moved to NY!


Vegan, and yes I get enough protein.

Looking for someone to create art and change the world with. Tall, stoic, a dash of whimsy. I'll tell you a lame joke lol but Take me to a nice cafe and we're  good. 6"5 I'm an artist who can cook  
Scary movies on Netflix n chill
Pick a day and we can chill. Instagram @ilona_labeija Sugar, spice and everything nice   "Are you the guy with the Pokmon tattoo?" INTERNATIONAL HOTTIE 
AMOSC iscream4candy

Nyc 1/6-1/14

HIT ME ON SNAP, I dont like chatting on here Pros: cant meet my parents since theyre already dead  Looks get you a swipe, personality gets you a date

**NOT HERE FOR HOOKUPS**

LI, NY
Brazilian 
 
Global Marketing Management 
Know the difference bw: you're/your & there/their/theyre
Over 510...swipe right
Tailgates are fun 
Shes pretty and smart! - your mother
I'm down for anything from skydiving & hiking to binge watching Netflix!
I hate being the big spoon 
Dog mom 
I'm 5'3 but the doc says I'm 5'2, the inch matters, it really does boys
Love languages  Trans. don't be lame

Pick my boogers

Hot virgin

Culture junkie

Good at words Broad City. Champagne. Making out. 


Cool Party
Ice to Meet You
Stay Frosty, Bird Boy
Are you Cold Hearted?
Alright Everyone Chill
- Mr Freeze Design n art stuff  

ATL> CPH > NYC

My grandparents met on tinder and my mom says I'm a nice boy. im the bees knees  hooligan--
sits on the toilet til his legs fall asleep, wears jeans sometimes. Loves his mom. 

EN, FR, Gibberish

 I Just want someone I can buy a house with sit by a fire get a little reckless, have fun and go to bed I want someone I can do anything with I love mountain biking, walking and being outside in general.  also big into music and  a drummer.  interested in cars, trucks and motorcycles. LIUBK D1 Swimming  
Lifeguard @ Coney 


Swipe right if....
-Youre an athlete
-Into EDM& Music festivals 
-Can chug a beer faster than my best friend
-Loves to party
-Taller than 511 (it matters )
-Seen all Harry Potter Films 
-Enjoys eating ass 

***Yes I can beat you in a swim race & no I will not teach you how to swim/ save your life if you were drowning  -think of another pick up line So... you like uzi? My name is Jeffrey, I live in Bushwick and bartend in Williamsburg. Easy going and nice guy here. Student, dog lover  Spookyboi // Queer // Non-monogamous // SJW

I love my boyfriend very much. Lemme know if you wanna smooch one or both of us. 

I will talk to you TOO MUCH about Japanese pro wrestling. Capitalism is bad but I keep doing it :( No Nazis. Use your jet fuel to melt the steel beams of my heart.                        
                                                                                Lets compare tattoos and make out.  

All shall love me and despair. ported from Florida. Gemini. Roller coaster addict. Salt life.
Sarcastic. Polish.   a 6 200lb Hopper semi lookalike.  an INFJ, because that seems to matter, yet no one really pays attention to that. 

 not gonna lie about how we met because online dating is a really common thing now. Besides, no one would ever believe me if I told them we bumped into each other at a bookstore or grabbing a coffee. As lovely as that sounds.

 should it ever get to that. Shits with the door open
Talks about pussy Looking for someone who responds to emails with polite expedience Denver/ NYC
Into a sense of humor and the occasional mustache 420 friendly 22 year old couple (fem + nb) in BK looking for someone as fun as we are 

virgo  aquarius  libra 
capricorn  leo  sagittarius 

guess Let me play with ur dog and then we can talk
Insta: mosullll Kind of interested in human sacrifice Be weird. 63  Digimon made me gay  NYC. Lets chat I have a wood burning fireplace in a Brooklyn by some miracle and the cutest rabbit with two brain cells on earth.

Let's get breakfast! Or late lunch on a Sunday. Or night dessert. We can get drinks but you have to not judge the fact that I have to tell the bartender to go very low on the alcohol.

Looking for something casual with people who respect my boundaries. I like beer and I eat all my veggies

IG: cowboyinparis iso an american husband to get me that citizenship for 2019 name is dan. communication disorders major. deaf studies minor. lover of tattoos. 53. INFJ. vegetarian. brown eyes and thick thighs. *trans* NYC sculptor girl, sushi lover! Hint : I like sk8r boys Chef, travel, write, yoga Podcasts, true crime docs, geek stuff, crosswords, horror movies, 420

dark senses of humor to the front!! Live and work in Brooklyn

5 11
IG: TAYLR Metalsmith, conceptual artist
.
Curator, contemporary art (in grad school)
.
From Pixburgh, PA
.
 a real girl and definitely not two kids stacked on top of one another in an oversized trench coat 
.
If you love god, this aint gonna work out, es
.
Not interested in poly/non-monogamy
.
Take me out to a bar or some shit I work in publishing / can often be found at readings, revival screenings, etc. Knows 1 and a half jokes
Has won a game of backgammon
Chi->brln-> nyc lemme take your tinder pics I'm funny like twice a month I sell cars 

Actually 20 Lover of food, sports, & travel.
Laughter is my favorite sound.
6'1 | smoking non-negotiable 
New to all of this. Let's see how it goes. Trust me, your parents will love me. hey whats up! come on in take off your skin and rattle around in your bones .. welcoming weirdos, nature companions, jamming, love of all sorts, nothing, anything, and everything .. tell me something i don't know, share me something i do know 

living in a van
please recommend a beautiful water place to go swimming

 ?

soundcloud.com/taymonsta ~*In an open relationship*~
Pan
Leftist
If you swipe right you gotta roast me just for fun ?????????????? i like ??? food
and maybe ???
not on here, on instagram @mixedmediapaper I can't take aesthetically pleasing photos but on the bright side I'm uglier in person 
Probably watching Anime or taking a nap.

*Super likes on purpose 
Since it matters
6'3
  in Cycle Squad and im a wheelie good Have nothing going on this weekend...looking to play...nostrings only...not on this alot..so if u like..heres my nmmbber forforthree fivninetoo fivesixohthree..lets have sum fun! Ig: shelkax3 18 not 19 The nicknames Dumbledore Does that come in auto tune? Nova
I love tattoos (I have 7)
Need a guy into fitness to get my ass in shape(pun intended)                                        
Dont hit me with just hey
 VT-->NY

Master's of Psychology student working towards BCBA.

I flip upside down pennies to give good luck to the next person. 

Beach bum.  Aspiring Reiki Master. Astrologer. Blanket fort master. Sushi addict. Adventure seeker.  420 friendly.

Hakuna Matata
 52 

Is it culture appropriation if I get a Chinese character on my arm? Performance Marketer.

Here to get to know someone new. Good conversation, drinks, and dates are a start. If the energy is right, lets go with it. Positive Mind, 
Positive Vibes, 
Positive Life  

Visitor from Middle east  Functioning on 3 and half hours of sleep (on a good day) should be Olympic gold medal worthy, just saying

insta: @jahkwaun 845716

Insta: rayna_czerniuk Want someone real like to take walk  in college want to meet new people i like bars like pets Science, lavender candles and dad music IG: Julieannekraako  Giants, Yankees, Bud Light, Golf. Dates are cool... right? Turkish meme queen + degenerate studying film production at Small Liberal Arts College

ask me about music! Down for whatever
 Acting major  
Someone come on an adventure with me!
Pug Daddy Looking for fun! I like open minded, kind, and respectful men. Looking to experiment. I like muscles/athletes. HMU for snap! Instagram: katya1234_ Hey!

Honestly just looking for a friend who can take pictures of me,  not in NYC for too long and would like to get to know some people  just looking to get punched
serious inquiries only Insta-maddievario Brooklyn// // 
All about:
Chill vibes, great music, food, and ink 
Here to: 
Meet new people, make friends and grab some drinks 
Seeking:
Adventure and fun and spontaneous road trips 
I'm a:
Photographer, movie fanatic, animal lover, and a queen of over sleeping
 Talents:
I could eat a whole pizza pie by myself, you could say I'm pretty talented  NYC Instagram @carlybobis Bookworm, writer, music, and exploring the unknown.

INFP

Do you love animal documentaries? Lets talk.

When was the last time you farted? Youll always find me embracing nature, playing with animals, of smoking a joint Bi. Bro. Hung. Not looking for a quickie or anything, hit me with witty puns lol  Purpose  Passion  Laughter
- NYC
- Eclesiastes 3:1-8
- Blessed i like to dye my hair looking for someone fun "Anything that gets your blood racing is probably worth doing"

Bubble tea and chill?
Be my rave bae  Going with the flow Mountain boy / heavily cyborg girl. Reader, writer, editor and coffee baby.

I like poetry, biking, Marxism, and Erykah Badu.

Happily poly-saturated and looking for a book club, Go buddies, museum pals.
 I'm in grad school, run an architecture journal and a research practice.

NYC Video games, Food and the gym forensic scientist/cashier/dedicated girl scout leader Hey  mill  snap is Mill5ha 
Reasons why you need to check me out.

*Baby Cosplayer
*Love Nerds
*Animal Lover
*I cum like a champ LOL (Haha)
*Down to meet new ppl
*CamModel
*Freelance Model
*New in this place
*I can be a handful, topped with sarcasm and sprinkles of bullshit. Haha

If you think i am worth a shot. I have something to offer on my INSTAGRAM. So you better check me out and DM me   >>>    juliesweet05 Latina  / Oldies  In love with the 60s 

Ill like you more if you message me first. nursing major
IG: cortneeymarie
not looking for a hook up
if we dont match, dont dm me on IG because i wont reply  down in hook up if youre down to do and respect how i meet a new people. If your'e interested just hit me up on my INSTA and lets see where it goes.

IG :official_shielabrown_ queer poly art babe
50% music 50% comics
halloween/star wars/vegetable enthusiast
professional weird person
probably taller than you
aynsleyleonardis.com - I roll better than you, wanna bet?
- bisexual 
- everything youve never expected. NYC. 21.  Artsy.  Sometimes I sit and I write, sometimes I just sit. 

In love with cooking, comedy, and making lists. Drag is great too, but lists of three are best. 

Contrary to these photos, I actually hate the beach 

Why isn't eating ass called butt head?

NYU '17 I sold my soul for bitches. Just waiting for the part where I get bitches.. sometimes  funny Not here to hook up! 
Great at cuddles, honest, and loyal 
Hmu on Insta @uforhea if youre looking for something genuine  Fun fact: Ive changed my hair color so many times in the past couple months I cant remember what my actually hair color looks like :) 2nd year in New York City. yall actually read the bio?? My name is Jennifer, I'm 31 from Pottstown PA 
I have a 14 yr old son and I am a home health aide
I'm single 420 friendly
I'm a homebody, like 2 chillax and watch TV & cuddle
I value honesty, loyalty and respect
I'm funny, sarcastic, straightforward, brutally honest
A huge turn on is someone who can make me laugh
I have a little thug in me too
Looking 4 friends n see where it goes from there
P.s: if I super liked ur pic it was by accident
I like rap music mostly (imgk)
 Michigan native, new to Brooklyn 

It is cuffing season 

Netflix | Tacos | Photography | Running | Margaritas NYC  here for the coins serious inquires only  not here to date If u interested in P4P hit me up My one true love, my one coquette: the answer to my hearts duet!

Niche memes only  just trying to find someone to go to GovBall with me wanted to see what all the fuss is about.open to meeting new friends  no couples no weird stuff . snap: kailie_marie16
insta: kailieklose Always down to chill and meet new people. Hmu. local snacks seeking gentle queers dog mom. makes a mean omelette. 4.91 uber rating. nursing student

I relate to the dead eyes of Antoni from Queer Eye

A bit tired but we out here Swear I never reply on here,  sorry, message me on insta x

Make me laugh.
Footwear design student 
Tattoos and 1 piercing  try guess where lol 
Bloody love Harry Potter and marvel 
Feed me pizza 

Insta- amy_roper (Still thinking about what should I say in here) Parlez-vous Franais? Instagram: ericaxhb
Twitter: ericabeaudry
5'1  Idaho Native | Brooklyn Transplant
 looking to meet new people! 
Gemini.
Gryffindor.
Gamer of Boards.
If you love movies and food, well get along just fine! Were more than our short and wordless bios -so lets get to know each other!  really funny & love The Office sooo

New JerseyPenn State
Insta: kathnguyenn y do so many ppl on here look like a fart? 

working on a book of drawing and writings

just got back from an art program in London !

Myths ! film ! philosophies ! arts ! Be warned I am on the heavier side.
I have bad anxiety so I might be shy irl. 
Dark humor is the best 
I don't text first 
The last photo is my favorite
 Might believe in ghosts. Haven't made any final decisions Spanish and English average,
Instagram and Snapchat: yanmanuel011 gsu21
nyc  atl
NEW : daniblankoo 
trying this again 



please no lames  
know what you want before you hmu, not into games..
athletes and big feet to the front  52. Virgo.

Just a free spirited girl who enjoys a good conversation and a spontaneous adventure. I cant ride horses, so I choose men instead
Hit me up with your best pickup line Mamma bear bisexual a lot of attention required 

Dont waste my time.
No, I dont wanna just fuck you. Hello , I just moved to NY and looking to meet people Instagram:  @s1errrra
Snapchat: la.princesssa  /
Heteroflexible
In NY until the 8th I'm laid back, kinda shy, quiet, sarcastic, l like movies, writing, taking long walks on the beach lol jk. But I do like taking walks.

I'll be your best friend if you send me a pepperoni pizza 

Friends/texting buddies Nice guy from Brooklyn , 26 years old working in retail as a manager. I love Good conversation , Good food and Good company  . Very down to earth, I love the arts I was a painter and sculptor and that turned into me designing footwear . Passionate and driven young guy , never been shallow so dont be Afraid to swipe right  . ig amanda.rt GOOGL THIS: DONA121SEX Loves to travel, sleep, eat and watch movies. 

Too sun kissed for your crap.  Let me tie your shoe, I dont want you falling for anyone else. 61 What's up, you cool baby?
I just moved to Brooklyn from Michigan, so for a limited time only I'll be impressed by your knowledge of the city. Or empathize with your lack thereof.

Perks about myself:
Graphic Designer
Queer
Eight foot vertical leap 
 He/His/Him. Live in Brooklyn, originally from Chicago. I direct and write plays. Black coffee, IPAs, dry wines, and drier humor. Reference Bojack, Doctor Who, or Brooklyn Nine-Nine and  yours. Muscles intimidate me but you know what doesnt? Intimacy.

Currently...
Reading: Genets The Thiefs Journal
Binging: Gilmore Girls

Dazzle me with wit and send your best Arthur meme.

 Traveller | outgoing | Photography | Vlogger | Creative Writing | Chocolate Lover | NYC |  native new yorker stuck in a simulation. 

pasta addict , love to work with creatives, no creepy stuff pls 

I like weed things Poet & Educator from Cali currently visiting my second home, NYC. Good energy and thick thighs are two of the things I bring in conjunction with a mound of others.  a Taurus that lies on the Taurus/Gemini cusp. I love pizza and interesting conversations so if you can offer either one, thats a start. 
Insta: jelly_sephton Very easy-going/laid back and friendly fellow here. Love to watch B grade horror movies to decompress. I also like board games and reading fiction. Currently doing research in social/political psychology. If you have a dog, you wont have to try very hard. I fall for the Look! I have a dog! photo. Every. Single. Time.  

I dont have any preferences/checklists. I do have a soft spot for men older than I am (think 40s-50s). But  not looking for a sugar daddy. Designer. Home cook. Dreamer. Hiker. Biker. Cuddler. Travel/food enthusiast. Caffeine addict. Gym goer. Is gay
@aleccharles Young, rude & tattooed
www.sexandtheweather.com
Or stalk my Instagram > felon.e_
 
 Home for the holidays, visiting from SF I eat, longboard, create,have an interest in the esoteric, collect records &  plants,people watch, museum stroll, read, dance in my underwear.  I literally can't f(x) = f(-x)
My childhood friend was a stuffed leopard named Leprosy
NYC based composer/pianist and sometimes paralegal 
I was the snitch coordinator for the US Quidditch League
If I were a cheese I'd be the leftover bag of store brand shredded 4 cheese mexican blend from taco night like 2 weeks ago which is like probably bad by this point but it's 4am and your choices are slim so you just throw fate to the wind go at it like an epicurean garbage disposal

pls play board gam Gifs are the way to my heart GOOD VIBES ONLY 
Dont be a creep  
 #VirginIslandsRaised  #ProudWestIndian  looking to make new friends  follow the gram @AnnedaKush    5'4 Native American, Afro-Cuban and Irish. 
 
LEO
Art major 

Hobbies 
-sketching 
-writing poetry 
-singing 
-collecting comics

Thick thighs save lives
I have two homes.. NYC & Gilbert, AZ SAV  ATL NYC  mostly just here to cyber bully investment bankers I'm a huge lover of music, sports, food, fashion & travel. Hoping to meet someone who's game for an amazing meal and then on board to play destination roulette, Passport required  #AdventureAlways 

I have two dogs so at the very least don't be allergic :) My drinks of choice in no particular order are Gin, Tequila, Whiskey, Rose, and Champagne. 
May all your pain be Champagne. tiny home enthusiast hello green beans are my favorite food Pretty sure I can make you laugh  .Only made this cause  bored ..well see where this goes.   ** NOT down with anything sexual*** 
Here to meet cool people 
54 &  No, you're not gonna get what you need
But baby, I have what you want
Come get your 
I got your honey bb 

//// et al.
queer in the brain, hedonist in the 
poly with a cute +1 if you're of the  variety.
Wholesome but also hoesome

Friends are cute too. just don't be flakey or make this feel like a job interview. 

                                          Have no idea what  doing but my instagram says otherwise  
New to Jersey City

Lets go on an adventure 
Insta - ceecee_ovoxo 

*don't be disrespectful* 
 CT-NY

IG- thedanielagodoy They/them/theirs 



Movement artist//Barista//Taurus moon&sun// Scorpio rising//flexitarian//daydreaming introvert//clumsy//short-shorts & boots//anime//pocky sticks//gamer//magical stones//drag//punk shows//shoegaze & dreampop//summer nights//autumn hikes//cooking to disco//ice cream & apple pie//puppies//cuddling//somatics//floating//11:11//shades of blue//blooming 
@pecheresse
I just downloaded tinder for when  bored at work 
a painter tho so theres that Hey 
I just moved from Paris to NYC and  looking for a  smart and funny guy who can brings me to the city visiting, having fun. mu '20
Aspiring alcoholic
Wishing I was in the islands  give me all ur hoodies & let me pet ur cat            @l_klycek I love road trips, adventures, the beach, shopping, cars and trucks, planes and helicopters, and watches. Tis the season for Apple picking, pumpkin picking, corn mazes, spooky walks, city trips, Christmas lights, Christmas parades, gingerbread house making, cuddling by the fire, and ice skating. So if we match be prepared, I dont like sitting still always like doing something! graphic design is my passion.? Usually a nice guy, open minded, love meeting new people. Jack of all trades kind of guy. 

My Uber rating is a 5.0 but dont hold me to that standard.

Recent grad, love politics, drinking, museums, cooking, and horror movies.

Lets grab a drink and teach me how to whistle. passion for grizzly bears and pink starbursts. Swipe right if youre picky about pb-j ratio  from Thailand  be at peace baby I'm a goth girl on the inside. On the outside? A father figure 

CHC '20

I like punk music and sunglasses are my passion!!

I'm a vegetarian and a little bit of a pothead  Ill show you my Spotify 2018 review if you show me yours

Pisces but I only cry after sex

Commuter podcast culture Hairdresser // Tattoos are a plus
If im not at work, im at the gym
Southington, CT
insta: @mikaelavanepps Looking for friends 

Video games, Art, food.
I hate everyone equally 
No time for Boooshit.
I am a crafty witch I like all forms of alcohol, pizza, sushi and cute doggies.

A scooter girl looking for scooter boy- no bikes allowed 

If you didnt think the last photo was funny- dont swipe right :) Looking for fun and friends. Fragrance, cosmetics, and luxury goods are some Favs of mine. Work a ton. Full time design student, freelancer + . 

What's your favorite scent? 

In a happy open relationship. 

"you're smart for an art* student"-tinder boi Hi I'm not 16 And im really bored Enjoy Life, its Hilarious.... biology grad..

Take the time to be yourself unapologetically..

Something Serious.. good convo and genuine people Choreographer, Creator, & Performer Family, Fitness & Moose

SC: @James_Mahon Veggie slut

@rachelfiller A tiny human | musician HMU no weird shit please If youre lookin for someone with a good sense of humor and a good lookin dog, youve found the one 
 a karaoke DJ so you know  a good time 
Basshead
Aquarius 
4/20
(Ignore every interest on here) 22 years old Latina  full time student / employed  
 intellectual conversations
Just looking for great vibes  SoCal  Ny
Quoting vine 24/7
 looking for someone to throw me off the Myrtle Broadway platform Just chillin
Kinda a geek so message me if you wanna talk about superheros pretty, pretty, pretty good @minfonz greetings and salutations

art major 
i love a long drive , intellectual conversation & a fat ass backwoood 
dont hurt yourself 
just exploringg:) music | yoga | surfing | art | coffee

               non-binary/pan 4/20 friendly - dont waste my time. likes: constructing intricate rituals that allow me to touch the skin of other men

dislikes: abjection VT  NYC doing the art school thing. 

Looking for Waldo and some nice people. 

Hiking junkie, museum lover, nap enthusiast, good vibe curator, aspiring film buff, amateur weeb, nature lover, cartoon connoisseur, animal dad, occasional toker, and sleeper cutie.

If you use Rick and Morty to explain trans-dimensional theory then youre probably the smartest person in the room. Not. 



.  an educated thotty. my favorite position? CEO. 

if you can make me laugh  YOURS.  INFP-A

I'm just on here for the banter . . . .

All about good vibes- looking for someone chill by which I mean someone with whom I can Netflix and chill. Not seeking anything serious, but I can go with the flow. Just be fun and funny.

Hmu and I'll give you my snap to confirm that my identity isn't as murky as my photos (broken phone cam).

Tell me what you want, not what you think I want to hear.

Don't ask me to speak Spanish to you; you're not my papi 

MADE IN BROOKLYN
 Recent grad with a degree in Computer Science. Just moved to Brooklyn,  not too sure what  looking for but  definitely open to whatever! I love traveling, shopping, wine, coffee, and hiking (well, anything outdoors really)
ENFJ



IG: devmilroy very Italian 

Art and Fashion 
into picnics, horror movies, and margaritas 

ig: josephynx Lets have jam sessions and make music Super simple guy. Not sure what else to say about myself. Say hi though! IG/Snap: @monzonaw ill never love you like i love king krule I like anime, Disney, and having my dessert before dinner.

Open to everything, expecting nothing.
Companionship > commitment.

Insecure people swipe left. 

Lets shoot. 
IG: @ravynsiegel

 5'9. Proud brooklynite and dog owner. Movie lover. https://letterboxd.com/lucyrice/


 Nerdy, sarcastic, easily amused. 

Also 6'6" _()_/  DOES THE LAST PHOTO OF A MERMAID SOCK NOT LOOK LIKE KOURTNEY KARDASHIAN?!?

One to watch -NYPD

510 from California (now based in NYC). Family involved in organized crime. 

Not vegan. I live off Mikes Hard Lemonade and white chocolate chips. #BirdsRights

Hobbies: I do a lot of sports so i always have bruises. I bend neon. I minored in forensic chemistry so I can clean a murder scene pretty well

I dress in mostly heist chic attire.

Dont ever call me Maggle

FBI My parents live in Arizona but I live in the moment
Woodstock 19 anyone?? No kidding not funny is serious.  In Digital Strategy & Transformation

NYC is home

 EN | IT

Instagram: @NParis_13 visiting NYC! Recently moved to Seattle. Young professional who loves fitness, traveling, road trip and music. It would be great to find someone for an adventure trip together Hello, my name is Vera! 
GO BIG OR GO HOME Arcadia U
Premed

Make me laugh and well get along great Snap: TeamHank immigrated from TAIWAN 
my lovely guinea pig BROWNIE 
LOVE to explore good bars and cocktails and oysters  Looking for friends; Maybe more 
Ask me what you want to know  On Air Meteorologist
INFP
Grew up in Texas. Education in Oklahoma. Now in Mississippi for a short while.
Just me and my sweet Ollivia.
Find me on insta: paytoncmalone Designed in China made in Brooklyn finance major
vegan 
lets smoke & watch conspiracy videos  outgoing and fun.  a mom of 2 if you dont like it keep swiping. My kids are my world.  very adventurous and love the outdoors. IG @katyaslifee Just a newbie :) go yankees go pack go Hello :D I'm pretty busy but I'm always looking to make friends! Harlem  Mount Holyoke College 2019 Waste my time 2k19

follow my Instagram: _rebeccacaplinger Instagram- mpellegrino_
Snapchat- mpellegrinoxoxo  early to 2019. follow me on instagram : amara.mh  Aspiring corgi dad
Penn Engineering 20
Bonus points if you know what a viola is Tennis
Foodie
Movies dub c
aspiring milf who knows? certified yoga teacher
send me memes

ig  maddieksyoga
snap  maddiekcs instagram: felicitassawires Daddy issues but definitely no attachment issues I am a full time Licensed Real Estate Salesperson in NYC. I recently graduated with my Bachelors Degree at the College of Staten Island, where I attending grad study with the hope of becoming an ESL teacher. I have finally grown out of a dead-relationship! Ive finally found myself and because of that, I am willing, and ready, to find someone one who I can grow-old with! And eventually, build a  promising future!  Likes: doodle dogs, rollerblading, barefoot moscato, boats, sunshine, popcorn, jack daniels, crocs, TACOS

Dislikes: avocados, tequila shots 

Insta: lindsey_grantt Very happy person
I love sports
I love working out
I love tennis
I love video games
I love sex tell me ur top 5 most listened-to artists Dog lover  very chill person I have a boyfriend. Just want a friend. 
 accepting sugar daddies too  Hi guys me and my husband are looking to spice up our sexual relationship, want something different, actually this is all his idea i just want to fulfill his dream it's short for @cecilylomein

zzzZzzZzzzzZzzzx

virgo sun / gemini moon / sag rising 

toadette in a past life 
shoot ur shot  2 shy  20. Nursing  my friends made me do this so hey wassup 
 Jesus 

Looking for a potential relationship/friendship 
Nationality: Haitian/ Dominican ; Afrolatina   

50

Languages: English, French creole, Spanish( still working on my conjugating) 

Interest: I sing(maybe Ill sing to you on our first date), salsa and bachata dancer. 

Currently in school for my bachelors in science of nursing 

Not into random hookups so dont ask  Philly | USC 17 | | work in Marketing  

Instagram: connorfassnacht 

Big fan of bottomless mimosa brunch, corny dad jokes, reality tv, the Eagles , Gamecocks , natty, tequila and outdoorsy shit. My names Angel,  just here for fun and friends  a blunt bitch My teeth are nice so yours should be too If youre not 6ft+ dont talk to me Out going love to laugh and eat lol ohhh and I'm always traveling  Hablo castellano
Magyarul is beszlek
I speak english
 looking for people in the similar interests:
I like riding sharks
I like pizza with pineapples 
In my free time i am saving special animals from Atlantis
My last pics is the best one @gvsgvs  6,2" If you're a fuck boy, swipe left. I only accept people who has an interesting personality. 
+10 if you know how to play an instrument or more


 INFP | 511 | NY 
The need to travel is my drug 

IG: unbreakabl_smile

Learning about my  &  more than ever

Might have super-liked you by accident, but ask me and Ill let you know  Nerd who escaped the books  Artist
Cat mom
Brooklyn dweller 
 My name is Ashley and  20 years old just got out of a 4 year relationship so  on here to just meet new people and to just talk...  joining the army so I cant really find anything serious in such short time and mainly because it would be hard to accept... the main thing you need to know is that if your just trying to hook up with me dont bother swiping to the right cause you will not get anywhere far with me Add me on Snapchat: KellyBlonde97 - I'm not on Tinder much! Artist/Bro-fessor/Cyclists/Bike-trash/Personal Trainer/Nutrition Coach; likes to lift weights competitively, Om, read. 

Affectionate, caring, goofy, Old soul

I teach people how to draw and give them the tea on Art History.  I also coach people on how to lift heavy shit. Used to Bartend.

 Let's bake, play Dnd, deconstruct gender, and talk social discourse. 

Poly/Pan

MICA 15'/ NYAA 17'

He/They


 just a regular degular schmegular plus size black latina who loves kids and animals. tinders a joke yet i have one  -i love to have fun 
-adventurous
-stoner
-bottom
-taurus Add me on Snapchat: KellyBlonde97 - I'm not on Tinder much.  Lmfao idk why  here  follow me on IG @afro_gypsyy 50(: loveeee cute dates(; be nice & kind 

whats your  policy here?

  

 Snap:LondonDeleon
IG:LondonMuah 54 
SoCal native. Love wine, dogs, food & adventures, king of awkward smiles and laughs. Never take things too seriously, life is too short.
IG: rasevc If your into trees  64 
Dont ask me what im looking for on tinder..... because im looking for you  
 a DJ
My pictures might indicate that  a fuckboy its the total opposite I promise  
If you really like me here are some of my social medias if we dont match
Snapchat: ky_asvp
Instagram: itzkydubai
Twitter: stanuphoe () SC: cali2nyda9  Leslie Knope in the streets, Donna Meagle in the sheets  only here to see pictures of your dog 
Follow me: @naylev Looking for a best friend type thing

add my Insta:Arzubxoxo  never on this generally stable! I like lil peep and getting tattoos. Produced by Bella hadids plastic surgeon
Says 22 but 20 Everyone kept telling me to join so here I am down to watch a movie and split a tab of acid Can you beat me in smash bros?

open minded. 


Insta: baph0.met
Tumblr: mephistophe1es
Psn: J3bus_V0mit Insta: nicole_perro

Animal lover
Beach bum
Concert enthusiast Tell me a good joke I like Pinot Grigio and Puppies 
New York/cape cod  
Professional dancer 
Instagram: @Torybelle27 Swipe right and fall in love with me lol we can learn more after that.... don't be shy I swipe for white men to 

Ig: taystayfly87 former guinness world record holder for being a part of the longest line of tacos West coast kid tryna figure it all out. Into urbanism, rabble rousers, squidding, goofy guys, and anti capitalist shenanigans. Friends are super cool too. Excite me in more ways than one, and  yours  Spooky Thot 
57
A WHOLE NERD
Wats ur kink? Probably your future defense attorney.
If we match dm me on ig: sarcasticasso Supersexy Swinging Sounds by white zombie is one of the best remixed albums of all time, prove me wrong


Ig: @rubbercucky Saying this now I'ma weirdo
Nov 9th
Insta: faith_santana89
I don't be on here like that so follow my IG   a Pisces, I wrote a book, I like Wine and Whiskey, my favorite show is Buffy the Vampire Slayer, and like really bad horror movies. Oh, and I have high libido. Xo. Kayaking/volleyball/bonfires. just back from school in cali. not good at impressions but it doesnt stop me per usual Insta: @jessbalzer

Australian  

In love with NYC

Likes: good company, good food, good wine and good music 

performer, foodie, dog lover and dumpling enthusiast 

not interested in the hardware without the software i travel like a middle aged hedge fund manager whos looking for his third wife.  A short petite Puerto Rican
   Open minded not empty minded
I clearly like to play pretend cause I'm a throw back hit wonder
   2000's cartoons and criminal 
   shows & disney, romcom, and 
   action films are for life
Science is my pass time but music is for free time
   I'm still discovering my sexuality 
   so bare with me 
Don't waste time, I'm a very busy person, so show me what you got
   PS: be honest of intentions
Lastly that's my baby Isis kneading
 I spent the last six years of schooling to come up with a thesis on making life a work of art. Ask me about it.

Afrolatinx. Social Commentator. Avid reader. I sing and make stuff and things. iykyk
lil edgy w a lot of attitude CT/NY/FL/RI

Poly Sci till I die 

Brown Cow stunning and Shangela was robbed

Nicki is still the Queen but Bardi makes bangers 

420 friendly so if thats a turn off  superlike me so I know it's real 

Art Student/Filmmaking/Photography 

Let's listen to 90s Mary J. Blige and make art 


CANYC
6ft Just a funny guy who is trying to find the other end of his RED THREAD.

Pd:  26 Hobbies include working out, drinking coffee, and eating to maintain the gains. Live in Washington Heights, work in Chelsea.  

Cat dad to the adorable Dorothy Rose Devereaux. Golden Girls enthusiast. Pizza lover. Oxford comma fan.

5'10" on a good day Guess where I'm from?

Sport: Handball
Orange is the New Black, Arrow, Prison Break, Shameless, Marvel...

5'9
 I'm horrible at talking about myself. 

But love games, movies and chilling with like minded ppl "As the ancient Hawaiians said, the coconut is always sweeter on the tree you can't reach."-Tito kinda change my hair a lot   crown heights 

opera, fancy wine, cheap wine, dining out, cooking, eating, the wainwrights, outerboroughs, chocolate, r&b  no Former competitive weightlifter and a New Yorker with a country boy spirit. 
Arizona native. 

-PhD Candidate in Chemical Engineering. 
-Goes to the gym at 1am. 
-Can solve a Rubiks Cube. 

Bonus points if you know a coffee shop that ACTUALLY has seats. Ltr-hopeful, but not sure what  capable of doling out, waste of time is still our time to waste. Your dad will love me, then well ditch you and laugh about it on the coast of Seychelles over daiquiris, jk I dont drink App-building, dancing, hiking, cart-wheeling, book loving young professional. Basically I'm all 5 Power Rangers in one balanced adult.  
Getting old in New York and looking to build a squad and explore. Let's go!

I aspire to be a NY Times thought piece.  cool, funny, and smart 
 pretty chill and down for just about anything 
 looking for someone to vibe with 
And if we match, dont be shy  I dont bite   I like my dog more than people, hate small talk & will never order a salad.  here for the free drinks, a few laughs & to be the girl you think about 20 years from now. intimidatingly independent, kind heart & heavy soul, mix of vulgarity and inappropriateness with a touch of sweetheart and savage Just browsing for the Moment
Outgoing, down to earth all around dope girl  ig: @Don.mon_ loves to walk and talk, go for drinks, eat ice cream, buy monographs. I am an easy laugh.

From Seattle, i work at a top art gallery in Chelsea, went to school at a southern liberal arts college, studied art in Tokyo, Seoul, and Basel. Tequila friendly  | Ig: gabby21_x3 

Photography 
Theater 
Gym
Soccer 

En busca de nuevas amistades  | 20 | radiate bigdickenergy & Ill luv u forever NYC 56 and proud of it Makeup artist, foodie, nerd, movie buff, traveler, music junkie.                                                                   Lets get a drink.                                                       
LTR oriented. 
/

NYC

 
I'm a guy that's grown to be pretty chill. I love to talk and see what drives people.
I'm bisexual, interested in cross-dressing, and really looking to explore.
My girlfriend and I are best friends and have an open relationship which apparently confuses people. We just want to enjoy ourselves and lives.
Honestly were both kinda looking for someone we can be passionate about together, but aside from that were also just looking to make more friends.
Don't just say hi, tell me what I made u think! Lets get high
18   I like short walks on the beach and large glasses of wine ...

get me drunk enough and im down for anal..

Not on here much hmu on insta @sassyandspicy678 

LOOKING FOR LOVE please dont make me cry Queens native. 
Intersectional, Black feminist AF.
She/her/hers
Vegan.
Waiting for GoT to return.
Insecure (both the show & the trait)
Nothing Was the Same.
Between the World & Me.

Have you watched Random Acts of Flyness? Working and living in queens while studying for my nursing boards 
LI/NY
I love traveling and seeing new places but I enjoy my bed just as much  

if you can understand me based on these 3 emojis wife me Director, Choreographer. Avid Eater. Netflix Enthusiast. Ask me about stuff :) www.nigelsemaj.com if you like coffee and hold conversation well well get along, not looking for anything too serious but also not looking for a one night thing 
:)
56 511. dancer, New Yorker. Godfearing woman 
Singer - as a hobby 
Extrovert
 Am I true neutral, or just apathetic, dull, and coasting by on my looks? Find out!

I am too poor to spoil anyone I am sorry but I'm good at being a Supportive Bitch. 

If you voted for Trump and/or don't support the LGBTQIA+, byeeee.

One time at work, I tried to open one the rolls of change and  they exploded all over the floor so I yelled "i HaTe My LiFe" and a bunch of 13 year olds said "SAAAAAAME," so I guess I'm good with kids. My idea of a perfect date is hanging on the couch while I play with your dog, talking about travel and our favorite shows as r&b music plays in the background after having had some wine and some weed.

Looking for nice dudes, chill vibes and smiles. Italian | Irish | German | French | Scottish Norwegian | Native American = Mutt

Let me pet your puppy.

Its not real until you follow me on insta.

Darkistoolight__ much luv for the snap filters .  College Student
Looking for Friends and a Good laugh
Nothing too serious, here for good vibes only  Good vibes 
Lets go on a wild adventure 
- Wanderlust 
- Hiking 
- GOT 
- Marvel
 I talk too fast sometimes, Mom, 

Super independent 

IG @sweetand_lo 

I DoNt GOt SOcIAl mEDia... = Swipe left Cle  Nyc
Beats & studio time needed 
 If we match Get to know me , bios be full of crap  6ft


NYMA (Tufts 21) 


whats your favorite book? being a nerd and funny sometimes is all I really have to offer 
bears beets battlestar galactica  i am unsure about selfies. i like words and sometimes quiet I promise  not a bitch its just how my face is. 
I just moved to NYC, I know just a couple people so Ive lost my mind and made a tinder. 
Someone plz teach me how the subway works cause  so confused. Thanks. sc: shyleejadee  lookin 4 new buds
talk to me about anything remotely interesting
please dont be weird

(into comics, the occult, art, sci fi/speculative fiction, d&d, and most music. like learning about anything. teach me something new about science.) Insta : @jaleesa_cash  Passionate about traveling and new experiences! I love soccer and UFC! Just a chill girl looking to have fun  Tryna crowd fund a will 2 live 
Only dtf w the lord Short & sweet. I love working out and being adventurous. Dont ask me to chill on your couch and watch Netflix. I rather go to a museum or go get dinner/drinks!  on here when  bored 
56
Speak to me in a foreign language I have no idea what im doing probably caffeinated Struggling Bio major 
Puerto Rican Ecuadorian 

Lmao just hmu Ill respond I promise Hit me with your best dad joke  Looking for a drummer 
Hufflepuff 
Down to earth
From Kansas New to Brooklyn as of January 2018! I love exploring the city, lip synching to Ariana Grande, and chugging sauvignon blanc. You should also know that  obsessed with chapstick. r vldigt kort, s det mste du kunna leva med just lookin for some friends!!!!!!

snapbreezebrii
insta jahgirlbrii
twitjahgirlbrii
swipe for em digits Just here for a laugh or a friend since dating? Maybe not a good idea at this point. I might change my mind, but Id like to take it real slow. I dont play games I promise.

I should also say: Bi, but not here for hookups or threesomes. Unicorns only exist in fairytales, and we just so happen to live in a dimension where all things follow the laws of natural science. So, sorry, I guess. _()_/

(Yes, I am insufferably smug and needlessly wordy. Yes I know that  overcompensating. Thanks!) Its pronounced Anna, like from FrozenUniversity of Delaware 19
Biomedical Engineering @thlifeofscott DM me on insta - Work a lot - constantly traveling.  Enjoy concerts hiking biking travel cooking friends.  NYC - LA - CO - London.  6 ft @kassielodico I like plants, animals & funkyyy music talk to meeee  college student 
 no hookups 
 God first 
 no Geminis or Aquarius plz n thank you
 Orange juice with pulp... dont @ me To be honest  here to fool around 
I love cuddling Spending 20 minutes thinking of something to put here, and then coming up with nothing, is a perfect summary of my character.

Minor addiction to cats,  up to 4.
History fanatic.
Studying education. 

6 if it matters.

Prefer dates. Pastry Chef
Young determined black woman  Talk Jimmy Buffet to me
Beers and Sox
IG: Elizabeth.wilson25 I have the power of God and anime on my side 

Thick with a que Cool vibes only  420  Looking for friends  crazy but i feel like that makes me fun ?
 Pakistani & Dominican,  love to travel  My name is Milo
Artist - musician 
6 4

Good conversation and energy is a must 

Other than that 
Lets do something cute 

Maybe each other  Hi, Fwm  I clearly love to smile, and I also love to laugh!  always working to achieve my goals, and  going full force.

Hopefully we can go out and just see where it goes  I turn 21 in 71 days virgin who cant drive Heyy my names Sara  majoring in anthropology and just looking for someone to talk to and some friends 52
Chilllll I enjoy laughing and making people laugh and I love animals
The girls are just my best friends OO hi: ZOYA666SEX Passionate about dramatic lip synch performances in the shower, watching trailers for what's on Netflix and then never watching anything, and praying someone will grill me a cheese. Airplanes. Traveling. Fashion. Psychology. 
Flying to New York tonight 

If you love to travel, we're already friends

San Francisco. = home


if you happen to be european or oceanian, I'll probably be in awe of you 

 *

Speaks: English, American Sign Language
Learning: French, Romanian I have two cats and two dogs. I'm a metalhead, Alternative. I'm a Taurus. Amos: simply.nnw Queer polyam nerdy vegan witch 
I'm all about radical education, feminist film theory, the moon, riding my bike, and shitty memes.

*they/them. transmasc genderqueer fem boy.
Maybe just several raccoons in a human suit. 

iso: other queer folks for dates and meaningful things that are casual or serious. Let's talk about making the world accessible for disabled folks or abolishing the prison system and drink cheap beer and makeout to Girlpool.  Too shy to message first.
1st account crashed so had to delete.
 a fem boy, unmatch me if youd like, but if you stay, hi  Just looking for some friends, and since it matters  65 From Los Angeles, Now in NYC. 

All Social Media: wink2johnny

Microbiology BS/MS.

5 foot 8 inches. 

Sun: . Moon: . Rising: . Just out here trying to prove to my Abuela in Miami that I can survive another winter. insta; taylor_dundon 25, NJ/NYC, pastry chef, CrossFit Life sized human person living on the Upper West Side  59 - Little Spoon

I love food, movies, music, theatre, books, being active, and stormy weather (rainstorms and blizzards are the shit).

Always looking for new experiences. Not a huge fan of the club scene, but Ill never say no to drinks/coffee/food  send me your cheesiest pick up line :) Talk to me nice with your best pickup line  Be creative and make me laugh. Date me, I'll lie on your arm until you get a cramp, I'll show up sometimes with your favorite candy because I like you and you like candy, I'll kiss your cheek a whole lot, I'll offer you moderately interesting conversations from time to time, and I'll confuse you with my crippling insecurities that are masked with false confidence. Yes that is a shower pic ;))))                                   Sober and I go to bed at 9pm as often as possible so at least your grandma will like me
If we meet up and u murder me I wont even b that mad
Kommer fra Kbenhavn, living in Brooklyn now If you like water, you already like 72% of me 

Good food  
Spontaneous adventures  
Fun travels  

p.s. Aeris just a pen name If you dont like hot Cheetos, were not gonna get along.  "If I can't scuba, then what's this all been about? What am I working toward?" 

Guess my favorite animal. Rutgers class of 2019  
Jersey shore living 
Snapchat is frany12345 message me if you added me :) 
Not into hookups so dont try it, looking for something more 
 bad at replying on here so dont be afraid of messaging me more than once lol Love food and naps  You luh God ? Cuz luh God too  For shits and giggles My talent includes driving with my knees so I can eat with both hands.
I love..
Adventures
Food
The Office
Sleep
Reading
Writing

 sarcastic as hell i like to skate and eat sushi 
down to make friends IG- emasc96
& dont message me there if we dont match, figure it out. I am a free spirit and like to have fun and meet new people. Calm personality, artistic and open minded. Like to travel and good music to vibe to. 420+ Military personnel always welcome
Looking for something real 
Enlisting in the Air Force 
Bisexual 
I have a dog and a bunny A mom of a beautiful baby girl!!!!  remember: you miss 100% of the shots you dont take
my hair is short now so dont act surprised Sushi, cats, the office 
#momlife  consumer of dragon energy 

 Ravenclaw (somehow)

 Billboard Brow (to accommodate my large brain)

 Will no doubt impress you with my extensive knowledge of dragon age lore and my ability to make irrelevant references in normal conversation

 Unfortunately, Hokage of the United States 2036

 insta is kriscannoli (Ask for snap)

 if you read down to here, you should message me first  Wherever the wind takes me, that's where I'll go.  running wild until I find someone just as wild to run with me. 
Traveling
Fat kid at heart
Wanderlust! 
ENFP
I just wanna find my travel buddy and roam the world together! Why is that so hard? 
38 countries and counting.
Brownie points If you message me first! 
Just got back from: Japan 11.6 and Thailand 11.10 
Where to next? 
instagram: jakethetravelholic tryna meet some new people
lets smoke
ig- x0xkristinx0x  not superstitious. But I am a little stitious Ask Dont hmu if u got trash fits, I need you to match my fly 
Ig: ninoniani What's your best and worst pick up line? Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?

Hey, I'm Evan.  interested in a whole bunch of stuff, like music, nature, video games, movies, you name it.

Looking for a nice guy with similar interests who would be down for anything. Who knows, maybe we could spark something. Very passionate about Annies mac and cheese.
Vassar Drama & Education 19 Hey ,  just here to find my new best friend  Need someone funny, loves to have a good time and FOOD  & is able to listen to me 
 Dominican, im not crazy  I like to smoke and enjoy dates  iG: sir.vlexnder Vegas>Miami>La>NC
 an extraordinary woman with the power to find love anywhere.  going to travel the world and share my experiences with people who cant do it on their own. I will make you laugh on a bad day, smile when you arent expecting to and feel the love youve been wanting to feel your whole life. Snapchat/insta is ChibiCynthia My best feature is a tie between my sense of humor and my butt How much does a polar bear weigh?

 *actually 20*  an open book Obsessed with & mad about preventive medicine, healthcare education, morality, culture & ethics.
Young cardiologists is looking for a wholesome boyfriend with strong moral compass & ethical mind set to share beautiful  moments, traveling, culinary, fitness, opera and ballet. u r fundamentally educated & urban. u do not smoke or drink, absolutely no bad habits as narcotics.0 tolerance to sex predators, recreational sex hunters. 
Ready & prepared for roommate situations.
 All throughout the day I let anyone who wants to go down on me. I let them go in and out as much as they want. What am I?.....if you know the answer direct to message me on my IG my username is........... Kate_wms97 writer, works in wine. Bk hmu w fire pick up lines Add my Snapchat @ pinelope11  sam, the first night at BED when you left, ron made out with two girls and put his head between a cocktail waitress's breasts. he also was grinding with multiple fat women. when you left crying at klutch, ron was holding hands and dancing with a female and took down her number. multiple people in the house know, therefore you should know the truth Been awhile since an attractive person has ruined my life so, here I am.

Poetry  Pop-punk music
French speaker  
Second grade  
~sleazy New York Democrat~


Instagram: zoho2012
_______________________ Aspiring veterinarian & dog mom 
Looking for someone who has lots of ambition, a passion and can make me laugh

Lets go on a date and see where this can go UES
Teacher I would say  a super friendly and kind person to everyone and everything! I care deeply about others feelings! Ive tried this before.. and here I am trying again. Miss me with just to sexual stuff. I am open to many things... just not BS Love to laugh and talk get to know people , Iooking for friends and dates. I like honest mature people who believe in action ..6" 300 , i love creative artistic people I love film and writing looking for fellow writers to colab with . Also love music,' Got that resting bitch face to match my bitch attitude, but  worth it and  a lot of fun, I love to go out and quad and go mudding. But I also love to watch scary movies. Hello :)
 Snap: Kait126
Insta: Kait1260 Fake recognize fake i like coffee and motorcycles. wine & dine me Fox School of Business; 

can't sit still  the twink that recently discovered he enjoys watching football. Also went to Forever 21 and came to the realization that I was a Size 0 (Go me?) Embarrassingly a fan of beards and broad shoulders, but  still an angel, I swear. Just moved to Manhattan from Orlando! Taken but need more love and affection  #thickslimqueens  Masculine Jamaican now living in Brooklyn ,NY. I like to play cards,  horseback riding and make people laugh. I can't cook but I can pick a damn good restaurant. I'm fashion forward and into the finer things in life. If you're into humans shoot me a text n we can take it from there.  54 curvey blonde  
I'm in NYC from the 14th of January till the 18th  hi my name is genesis. im 22 years old. i dont know what to really do on this so.... imma do my best. 

the office is my favorite show. kingdom hearts series, zelda, and animal crossing are my fav games. i like to sleep a lot. i work two jobs. i work with kids and books. everyday is an adventure. 

anyway, that was lame. lets talk! What are your fav Drake or Travis lyrics? 

in New York for till Wednesday LI  Looking for new friends, and some shmoneyyyy  we can chill and smoke... but dont hit my line if you broke This girl but with much greener hair Bored mite delete l8r ;3 @realghostscaughtontape 
Ps if ur my crush imy take me back ESU Women's Rugby and Music 
Insta: emilyrkd gimme dat clout | ig: sandra.nlopez From the DR 
Industrial Engineering | TKE
I almost died because of a stray cat ._. 
Let's have a conversation and get to know each other :); snapme: anf96 Photography/arts management major at SUNY purchase. I just wanna chill and watch spirited away tbh, video games are cool too. I also like hiking and puns and musicals. 
Waffles are better than pancakes, change my mind.
Scorpio
Bring me some orange juice and Ill kiss u I am worth nine goats
 a cotton headed ninny muggins                    Rice Purity Test Score: 27                                 Send me your worst/best pick up line  just tryna have fun Criminal Justice Major  
 
Leo  
Need someone hardworking and goal oriented  Instagram: danny42193 I am very outgoing and loud... my snap is glynnterry79 if you wanna talk... if you dont swipe left Attracted to good vibes & endless conversation , 420  I like nice conversation over a few drinks  and a light meal 
Intelligence+
Talkative++ 
More of a listener unless were talking about Anime/video games/politics
420 
Cigarettes  tolerable 
The best date is lunch and a movie but if youre more cut to the chance we can skip to the credits  Massage therapist Your most seductive nightmare

5 11 Pisces
Passionate about writing and art i am socially awkward  sorry in advance  If it takes me a minute to get back to you, it might be because I'm:
-making tasty food and listening to Dean Spade
-not letting the cold keep me inside
-holding it down on the badminton or basketball court
 *20
Insta- jennycalderone Go head, I'm a dual sign  Med student and dog mom I am the first in Earth, The second in Heaven. I appear twice in a week, Never in a month, Once in a year. And I am found in the middle of the sea.

What am I?..........if you know the answer direct message me on my IG my username is.........dianne_patton98 ...... 
Talk to me
Boxer
Model
Animal lover
Philosopher
Sc: ayeeee_denise May my madness be forgiven, because half of me is love and the other half also.

Sagittarius, singer, Account Manager and that's NOT all. 

I dare you to move.

, 5'10", 174 lb yerrrrr smd                                                        
big cyphs w big backwoods only.  wassup w the fortnite tho?  From Boston, film and American History nerd. Writer studying for MFA at Columbia. sc: raul.rafa Hey if you want some dick come to me. I got a lot of it. I can fulfill all of your desires and needs. It lasts over 30 minutes with me ;) we try all sort of things at my place, the sky is the limit. insta: @victorious.le
411  #staywoke  come through and chill  NYC || Midd 20

 Lookin for a mind at work, work  Life is only as good as the sauce. 

Lactose intolerant  a people person that doesnt like people, if you can relate to that statement then we may have a future  Ig: undoubtably.ant Open minded and easygoing. Prefer to meet in real life. Dont love chatting too long. IG: irakli_ Future MD (hopefully). 
I like to ski, like to play tennis, but mostly love the beach
 a Rangers fan (and yes it has been a struggle but #loyalty)

... now tell me something about yourself Big on music  Major in psychology, outgoing, dont waste my time Single, looking for a guy to drink coffee with, go out and discover new things, 
Travel and get stamps on our passport, Airbnb and beaches, Dance with and cry with. 
I am stable you should be too and moreover we should be learning together. 
I love my Cat, family oriented. Love music, the theatre and reading.

In here because we all are, looking for the same hopefully with meaning, lets talk meet up take from there. Hopefully we both go there who knows this might be our beginning. stop asking for my snapchat youre not gonna get it. ill gladly give you my number but snap is for my close friends thank you:) 
looking for something specific.. message me if you wanna know what it is !
i dont give out my social media to random dudes over tinder. unlike most girls i like to keep my circle small i dont need all the attention but ty anyway :) Lover of enamel and dance - livin' dat tooth fairy lyfe.

I don't understand people somtimes... which makes me love humanity :)

Always looking for an adventure!  - MajestyJu
(instagram): la_shaequeen__ 54
Italian 
twin 
nursing student 
I love dogs & the beach Widowed mother to my beautiful 18 month old daughter. Work hard and living for her Film Major @ Bard College
This app is the only game on my phone Creative Entrepreneur. Photographer. Filmmaker. Artist.

College Educated Frat Boy. Moved to NY from LA Three Years Ago. Originally from Alabama. Globetrotter. 

OCD. Neat Freak. Ambitious. Goal Oriented. Hard Worker. Sagittarius.

Looking to meet other like minded guys. Attracted to mature and masculine guys. I like to laugh, hang out with friends, travel, cook, host parties, and explore.

Swipe Right 59 slim thickie lmaoo
1/2 Belizian
I dance and love to wrestle
420 friendly
I have some tattoos if thats interesting
American Sign Language  Italy, New York, and New Orleans back and forth

Friends and dates

If we match theres more of a chance Ill get back to you if you dm me on ig @enniov 



23 not 22 Native New Yorker
Puerto Rican 
I have two jobs
 510
LTR oriented
Live in Bushwick i find it highly concerning that every other male on here looks like martin shrekli 

a poem by me: 
my cool mint juul
brings all the supreme wearing men to the yard 
and theyre like, my sound cloud is better than yours 
and im like 
...
this shit ironically slaps lmao I'm super against this but here I am
I'm not shaped like this horse although I think shes a babe 
Just not willing to get spammed
If we match and chat I'll send a pic  Whyd you have to go and make things so Look for friends maybe more idk


Down to earth
Artist
I can read your tarot 
 also a chub if that matters 
HMU 
58 Old soul who loves movies, drawing and dogs.
Physics Education Major 
I wear glasses and have braces. 5'8"
Looking for something real. 
Hmu for potentially interesting conversations. Successful lady 
No hook-ups

Looking to go out and enjoy life ROC Male
You miss every shot you dont take
Everybody in this world have different point of view, so dont let anyone bring you down
Super like me if youre real
Instagram - canosheen a bad bitch, you cant kill me.- Little girl who killed Ms.Keisha.
I love horror movies and hanging out until the next day. Looking to meet up and just have fun ! Near Westhampton, I send pics in chat. im probably taller than you in heels  I was born in the Passaic river and lived off of human souls until the young age of 22, when I crawled out of the muddy depths and moved in to the neighboring paper factory, where I learned how to read by studying the labels of paper products.

Attracted by the bright lights and rancid smell, I swam across the Hudson River and, once on dry land, acquired a taste for sushi and wine. 
  In the business of dancing  Dominican girl / Leo  who lives in Brooklyn  49 curvy. I speak both Spanish and English snap chat is best way to communicate so please have it gracias amigos   all about vibes,  just be you , be cool , dope af . Keep it  and we vibe !

 not too shy to have fun . 
Its always 5:00 Somewhere  I like the more reserved introverted types like myself. Secretive and selective. Not into the stereotypical gay lifestyle of the U.S. not effeminate and i prefer my partner not be flamboyant. im 27 1991. Physically a guy must have a nice round juicy ass amd decent legs. very attracted to hips/legs and a guy wholl lay on his belly for me. This + personality= .I have a strong intution and i know when im sincerely interested in someone. All that requires is a walk in the park.5"8 170 pounds Insta: kait_duffy14
Quinnipiac university In Sarasota for the weekend visiting family. 

I've been told that when my antidepressants are working, being around me is "tolerable"

Passionate about punk, jazz, bluegrass, kink, communism, bad movies, and punching Nazis

I do a lot of things that will probably give me cancer one day

Black Lives Matter security marshall
feminist 
idksexual 

6 Just here to find some chill ass people to hang with and just make new friends honestly. 
Add me on snap and follow my instagram both are- eliza_kinkel
:)))) NYC
Writer
Way better in person Insta: @rachelallennn Aspiring Futch librarian,
dont ghost me, dont haunt me,, im a cancer!!!
Fan of soup and Gumby
want some queer pals to hang with this month!!! Dancer at the University of Michigan School of Music, Theater and Dance 

Am often moved deeply by Great British Bake Off

 NY for the week looking for a goood date Come And Catch A Wavee Good Vibes and Friends Welcome @FeelingDrake Rated E for Everyone! - Surprise me with your pick-up line
- Love movies, music and sightseeing
- Constantly looking out for feedback 
- Be different - message me first 
- No Hook-Ups nursing student 6 / Pan 

@jorgekoubbe @jokoba.info @koubbejorge
Model | Fashion Designer | Performance Artist.

Alien looking for humans to meet and develop real connections. Likes To Play Sports 
Plays League of Legends
Likes most music genres
Is 5'0 so verrry short
Fun energetic but can be mellow and chill too.
Not looking for casual hookups. (Send a Dick Pic to change my mind)
My snap is Sharifyah Shoot cameras not guns...

Have you ever done anything as embarrassing as super liking someone on purpose? Here doing an internship, show me around the city!
Dartmouth College
Future Civil Rights Attorney
Dog Lover 
Out here trying to make friends IG:shamone16
420 Friendly Bi sexual, love watching anime, reading manga and hanging out.  gender fluid. I like to draw when  bored. I work mostly. Done with school for now.  a bit weird and awkward! IG: gul_turkk 
Fun sized 
Brooklyn born & raised.

 Grad Student / 59 Message/follow me on IG @ lexiemonroe72
If you interested to know more of me there's a catch you have to meet first, i'm keen for Hangout and see where it goes if you are down,  If you're not cool with that then swipe left. and if you're down with that without any judgement swipe right :) EEH-FAH, rhymes with FIFA 420 Brooklyn 
I'm not hard to talk to and if I take long to reply I'm probably sleep...Show me different 
BLUNT ASF
Ig : mixedcinde.r
Sc: blessed.roses
Gem  
Self taught MUA 
Food is the key to my heart
Gauges and tattoos are sexy 
My friend made this shit 

Bonus*  never sober when I do my makeup and  always eating ( mind blowing ) Just trying to live my best life Buffalo  Brooklyn / 57

Recent college grad working for an energy startup. Enjoy exploring the city, transcribing songs, yoga, board games, and rooftops

lookin for brave, gentle, &strong  not a Madonna, and  not a whore.  your wife, and  sexual, and I love you.

In an open relationship with a girl, looking for fun Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis. NYC (1/7 - 1/11) 
DC (1/11 - 1/15)

Real talk. Authenticity and vulnerability are amazing. 

About me as of 12/25/2018:

- Quitting my first full time job on the 30th 
- Studying software engineering and seeing what cool shit I can build  
- Developing stellar student programming for the 2019 cohort at my teams nonprofit (we also just got $10,000 in funding last month!)  
- I love journaling  

Lets connect! :) Park Slope, Brooklyn

5'10"

IG: ajwoodfin Guyanese Gyal
I live by the saying laughter is the strongest medicine
Please Swipe left if youre gonna be a creep or waste my time
Can I be excused for the rest of my life?If you know you know Rutgers
hi New to the city. I speak 3 languages, huge foodie and love traveling 
19 not 23 If you not into drugs I dont wanna talk! Looking for a soulmate to do various substances with 
And I like cats Hmu Really 22 
 O

You either did a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become the villain

Lets grab a drink? Don't ever, for any reason, do anything to anyone for any reason ever, no matter what, no matter where, or who, or who you are with, or where you are going, or where you've been... ever, for any reason whatsoever...

In a long distance ethically non monogamous relationship with a great girl. Here to make real connections, just not looking for anything too serious obv. Huge movie/tv nerd, love going out but also love staying in with tea and books. Oh man my whiteness is showing  I own a meme page and in my spare time i look up photos of dead bodies.

Remind me to take my meds and I'm yours.

I essentially study various forms of squiggly lines and sounds at uni and I live in a nunnery.

Upon request, I can sing Wuthering Heights and dance like kate bush outside your window at 2am. Very bad at talking on the internet!! 7 but I look a lot older I can sing really hard Intrigued yet?  insta: katie_brennan 1st grade teacher in BK- and working on my masters. New Mexico born and raised  Spunky and eager for new adventures or to try new things Nebraska transplant: warning can be kinda corny. 

Here's a short list of things I'm okay at: ice skating, not falling after tripping, juggling, drawing, and sports excluding basketball. 

I studied animal science in college and now I do musical theatre- we love a plot twist.

Dancer, animal lover, roller blader, nature guy. Guess what, I have flaws. What are they? Oh, I don't know. I sing in the shower. Sometimes I spend too much time volunteering. Occasionally I'll hit somebody with my car. So sue me. 4"11 and adventurous 
IG - babygirl_kiaa
Looking for excitement 
College girl  People on here are weird 
Bratty and Picky I know what I want
Ill stop talking to you without warning  if I feel we arent a good fit 
What do you have to offer ? Hurry you arent the only one waiting for a chance 
5'9 INCASE youre wondering I'm not Short  


Instagram: Honey_dripp__ Add me on IG - @arealifeprincess
 rarely on this. Snapchat : queeen_liizz Decent personalities pls Hey, my name is Anu and I like makeup, I love working out, watching Netflix, medicine, dogs, and traveling Lookin for validation  
People's pets tend to like me so I think that's a good thing. 

5'11" | bi |  Say hi, be kind :D NYC until Jan 12 Wild child  I like to laugh! And I'm pretty easy going and down to earth. I try to just enjoy life with great company, I like to see and try out new things. And hmmm I'm a lot of other things too just can't quite remember so don't hesitate to ask me! Let's get to know each other.

Are you the Eric to my Ariel ? I'm bad at writing these things but also bad at talking to people so it's a wonder I'm on here lol

I'm just trying my best to find a boy who wants to cuddle and watch movies/TV and gET DESTROYED AT MATIOKART with me 

Gemini Brooklyn born. I'm making an album. I write and act. I take care of my kid's baby on the side. I'm figuring it out, okay?

IG/Twitter: @peejaybrennan

5'9" when you consider the fact that i used to write Law & Order SVU fanfiction, it makes a lot of sense that im like this.

twitter: @tonykushner420 First things first looooove food lol thats basically the best way to win my heart  lmao but uh..  very adventurous, always up to try new things because why not? I love animals and like to be surrounded by fun, great and respectful people. I enjoy going to movies, picnics, theme parks, beaches, Dining with friends, etc. Life is good and so is god. Lets live, laugh and enjoy life together.. Professional dater  - serious enquirers only - super like if interested. Just tryna find someone to do nothing with 24y/o creative. 
A muse, A creative, A lover, A Creepture.
Aspiring to Inspire.
Promoting Creativity & Positivity
Not looking to be fetishize!
Open to romance Dancer Hello, I'm vin. I love art and food. Anime is fun. I'm marvel fan. I draw. I'm looking forward to the next dragon age game. I'm a fashion stylist and aspiring designer. I'm looking for a serious relationship. I'm not too interested in anything less. I like to surround myself with quality people. I love boba tea!!! I'm honest and straightforward. I will give you the brutal truth. Some would say im a bitch, others might say that too serious, I would say that I keep it real 24/7 Just a simple guy looking to meet people
Obsessed with Futurama
Love Tattoos
I listen to all types of music so send some tunes my way "I do a backflip every single day of my life"

I have thunder thighs, bad skin, make shitty art and have a dumb sense of humor  cool  FTM 

Cat and dog dad

Bike rides? Beers? Stupid movies? 
Looking for friend/ hookups/ dates. Julian 
Pre-med? Bio major
Gender Studies minor
Brooklyn boy who appreciates art, pasta, and honesty 

the 5th pic, yes i am Hacker from Cyberchase

im kinda cool, and we should hang out Likes: dogs, red wine, IPA, running, reading, playing piano and cello, baking
Dislikes: slow walkers, attributing way too much importance to the astrological signs

Favorite movie: Gladiator Looking for a man with shreks build, donkeys humor, and lord farquaads money. I'm full of surprises and always looking to travel. Connect with me on Men, Music, or Film. :) Twitter and Snap: noxsing 
Gym rat
Die hard Yankee fan
Giants Nation  Former neuroscientist now in health care tech. 

Love thunderstorms, cooking, hiking, kayaking, concerts,  museums, and restaurant hunting. 

NYC is home. 5'4". A Swedish meatball lurking around the NY concrete jungle  only vacation Let's try new things and get outside 

Blues/bowls/bukowski

Coffee - black
Wine - red
Steak- med/rare 

NS/ME/NY In telluride like the good old times for fam vacay , lets chill
(Ski or sesh) 


Mother Nature is making me weak  
I just love to meet new people. Decent conversations pls.
I love jokes and people who keep the conversations Going.  INFJ-T. 5'9"
here for expanding links, but who knows?
majoring in french and francophone studies. I'm interested in literatures, mythologies, music and arts from the Renaissance-Romantic periods. I won't make it long and rubbish (well it already does) cz I know this isn't LinkedIn. Leeds and all over 
Nadiya Hussain enthusiast. Death before decaf. Feed me red wine and caramel chew chew. Soho . Chill and masculine guy who loves lifting, traveling, cars, food, and wine. Looking to meet new people and see where that goes trust me, im no fun 
failed attempt at an id
I judge heavily on your music taste so if you f**k with r kelly youre premium  Architecture NYC

Insta and snap are my main lines of communication so hmu on there if  not on here:                   

Insta: corey_thomas
SC: thecoreythomas

Recent graduate and new to the city working in architecture California transplant living in NYC for a few months!
Studying International Relations and Econ
Lets grab a bite to eat, take some naps, and drink some coffee  Korean
Tell me why u are here?:)
 Always love to travel! Love meeting people new areas just gives me an excuse to come back! If we match message me if I dont message you! More Active on Instagram so will reply there: 
Message me on :  (@lakhan_punjabi) 

Mainly here to find my Better half and delete the app and wish to have all the pictures with him with a #couplegoals
yes sweet friends from all over the world are welcome too  

You are straight or gay it doesnt matter to me just please be a good human and i hope you treat everyone equally .
I am blessed to be born as Gay
Be Non-Judgemental . 

5.10 tall 
Swiping from Mumbai-India. 
PS. Not for Sex yeah but do u read the atlantic 

Math and writing <3 I like coffee & alcohol// looking for someone to teach me how to mix music 

  

Insta: alxmthson NYC is home. 

Like to say I am LTR oriented, but really just looking for a doubles partner to join me in my next competitive pie eating contest. 

Avid runner, tennis player, jazz lover, coffee addict, and proud dog dad. british. studying architecture. 19 not 20. Genetic Engineer, PhD;
Future Veterinarian
Travel a lot saving animals

Follow me on Insta!
junfuscious
 Hey! Nice boys only The flower doesnt dream of the bee. It blossoms and the bee comes.  Snapchat :  JalenJ_2
 

UNCP 2019 Information Technology

Congrats if you made it this far you've actually looked at more than just the pictures

Whats the point in matching if you arent going to message me? 

Nobody is gonna care about how well-crafted your bio is the point is for you to learn about me not read up on me.
 
What are you reading? Insta: Shannon_g23


Ideal first dates:
Drunken debates
Playing with mini French bulldogs
Brownie Sundae and Chardonnay 

Let's keep it classy... heels, head and standards high  I will most likely go through your stuff

Snap: Lawwwko He/they. 
 trying to find some cool new friends.
My favorite band is Coldplay so if youre into them youre my new best friend. Looking to meet new people, good conversation, and see where it goes from there.

ENFJ  creative type. Received my PHD in everything Margarita related.

Lets chat! Always down for a cup of coffee or a drink! Trauma nurse at ruby memorial

Dogs>people

Half the reason  here is to make friends

Ig: kirawinner 21. Dancer. Born and raised in Oregon, but living in Manhattan. CURRENT        MISSION 
   Looking  for  Models

Art|Fashion|Philosophy|Photography


Instagram - xlizixuan Always just a little confused Student 
Colombian
Enjoy the day, night, go dinner, dates, share some drinks, and meet people.  Send me:
Fave book
Most useless fun fact 
Zodiac sign When I'm not singing to early 2000s R&B, watching 90s sitcoms, and analyzing sports debate shows (I'll gladly argue about sports with you, I dare you to start something), I'm out dressing everyone around me, catching up with friends, and judging Dallas Cowboys fans. I'm passionate about chocolate and below freezing weather. I fill the world with my sarcasm, fantastic humor, and humble attitude. ;) Actually waiting for Tom Brady  but till then........  Global change agent reducing gender inequities by supporting business ventures & entrepreneurial education initiatives.. Looking to meet people with their own driving force, and I dont mind the friend zone.  generally a liberal, and if you voted for Trump keep on moving.

Interested? Swipe right Visiting
 Doing my own thing  Queer
@saamcorp Name : GOLF
21 years old.
engineering.
 from Thailand.
 a fan of dog. A Product manager at an IT company.
Speak Chinese and Japanese as well.

Travel around but still love cities.

Looking for inspiration. I like to travel , jog, outdoor activities, hanging out with friends and family, listening to music, walking on the beach and try out new things Insta: @bea_yonce_
Venmo: @bea-faustino 

NYNC Interests: breakfast, art & architecture, lifting, djing, hip hop.

Lets find a cool live music show or art museum to go to  Swipe in the opposite direction of your political preference

Love to ride roller coasters almost as much as I love to dance & travel

NC | MD | Paris (briefly) | DC | NYC Just a genuine gal potentially looking for something. Studying biology and history on a premed track. Dancing, cooking/baking, and more whenever I can. If that sounds interesting to you, then I hope we match.   &  

Permanent resting bitch face but I promise  a softie. Looking for some new friends and for someone to give me their Netflix user and password so i can finish watching my shows. I like dogs, theater, adventures, wine, traveling.... 

Recent Drexel grad interested in pursuing Law School 

NYC

Looking for something with more substance but open to almost anything. 

I love a great smile 

Lets grab a drink! dm me for my social security number Majoring in Music Business
New to the city NYU | Neuroscience PhD | VA Native

When I was born, I was in the 99th percentile of head circumference ;)

62 New York City

@aggoldman Moderate to okay personality ig: @colinpomphrey
 i like big brains and i cannot lie Work in finance, live downtown - NYC based.

Love travel, good food and good wine.

33 countries, 3 languages and counting. 

65 if you care. 

IG: trs92 Run me like a river ATLMEMNYC. Ravenclaw, traveler, lover of board games, college football fan. Looking for the Chuck Bass to my Blair Waldorf. Pisces

My IG is @sleepingsatyr

I'm almost always wearing a hat. (It's religious; Something the prophet said about male modesty and keeping the head covered). LoL

Sometimes I keep a beard-beard. Sometimes I just keep a light stubble. Point is, I always have some facial hair, and hopefully you do you. 

I go to the gym regularly, hopefully you do too.

Raisin Bran Crunch
Blueberry frozen waffles
Cannabis
The Ozarks
Magick
Sour Patch Kids
*Afrocentrism*


Super like me so I know it's real.  u can even call me daddy give u sum1 to look up to :,) 

~weedz and basketball~ 58
I dislike cherry flavored Mike and Ike *theres no ethical consumption under capitalism* I think to myself as I spend a sizable fraction of my income on wine

Please be kind Lets get to know each other. 
Living in Battery Park. FR/EN/PT/ES and a bit of DE. 

1.91m

: Brsil
: France

Traveling all the time.

J'adore le cinma, les discussions autour d'un verre, les soires film  deux, muses/expos...

Citoyen du monde, j'aime voyager et je voyage souvent. 

Je prfre un beau cerveau  un corps parfait.. 
a ne veut pas dire que le physique ne compte pas (je ne suis pas hypocrite). 

Veux-tu savoir plus ? Swipe right!  Instagram: ql440 
Chinese music player, crossfit, hiking, financial quant
Lets grab a drink!
64 Hey how are you blah blah blah  Dom Rep > Boston > NYC

@asedup Love to run outdoors, play tennis, read, and write. From Dallas, TX. Living in Chinatown, NYC. You never know what can happen with just one hello 

Cooking
Singing
Volleyball
Hiking
Food enthusiasts 
Explorer and adventurer 
Traveler 

61 and  if that matters  American studying all over, in NYC for a while, love music, and good movies.

Lets go out somewhere fun. Would love to take an adventure 
Instagram.gabbygilhooly Are you a bank loan? Because youve got my interest. Just moved to Soho. Recently single. Looking for dat post-relationship companionship ya feel. 

Call me by your name, and Ill call you an Uber. 

Insta: Drunkpartywhore

(Just request me, private bc inappropriate lol) IG@0710kei

from TOKYO NYC. 
Product Manager. 6' Elementary school teacher in NYC. Enjoys dark chocolate, red wine and good sex. Don't fuck with me if you're short.  Vegans hate my hat this winter.  

Lover of techno music  and other things

West Indian mixed  Libra    

I live in Chinatown and work in Greenwich village. #citibike  

ENFJ- but w/e?

IG: beerad7403  a menace

If you consider yourself a riot hmu 

Actor, singer, etc////yogi//4w3//ENTP//Cancer I just want to drive far, far away to a place with nice air. Be my copilot? @harrytroche Let's dance to techno or underground. Also someone to make fake gucci shirts with. Big into music, visual art, and books. Trying to one day tutor the children of the 1% in philosophy and math.

 I am Amy Poehlers bestie Tina Fey.  Based in Curitiba () frequently elsewhere.

IG: @amandabtmendes LES NYC  French, Taino, Puerto Rican, spaniard
48 demon 
Twin (fraternal but we still look identical)
Work work work 
No games 
Ill make you better if you make me better Live in Bushwick. Train in martial arts (kickboxing and jiu-jitsu blue belt). Work in the Financial Field. It's not as exciting as it sounds

Who's your favorite GOT character?
What's your favorite ice cream flavor? lehm711 
 torol__ music nerd, actual nerd

currently experiencing life as a human Swiss made 

Collector of silent matches... California boy living in NYC. Looking for my partner in crime  Lets grab tacos!  I work in TV and live in East Village. I enjoy reading, trying new restaurants, yoga, studying languages, and exploring the city. Lets talk about books and tv. 

Currently reading: The Sparsholt Affair Work hard...play harder 

Traveler...

1m82
 11/11 11:00 

 Lets play a gametwo truths and a lie:

Ive never had a strawberry 
Ive been to futsal nationals four times 
I lived in Florence, Italy for a year Hey Lets get talking   Student in Public Affairs. Progressive. ISTJ. 5'6

I enjoy the finer things in life like cheap bar food, destroying my liver, and adding shows I'll never watch to my Netflix queue.

We can tell people we met on Grindr. Travel, food & sports  Hey there! 
Ok, lets try this one more time!
Dont just match me and never message me Residing in Manhattan, NY. Originally from TX.

A towering 5'4. Stevie / 24 / NYC / Aug 26 / Viet

my daily life includes overpriced meals, checking in celebrities, bar hopping, & semi-competitive gaming 

Sam Smith called me "sweet" once 
 Eclectic finance guy originally from Los Angeles, now living in New York. Not interested in meeting your parents (for now). But definitely down to play with your dog. just a milquetoast girl living in the big city IG: @jeffplotkin Not interested in sex

Guess what  majoring in for my phone number 'Ello
NYC based. 6'2". 

Traveling. As a hobby? Groundbreaking. 

Try to live a healthy and coachella free lifestyle. 

Instagram: cpatttt Love dogs, diners & lime Tostitos A dollar might just make that lane switch I spend my free time at the gym, at the movies, or at home watching documentaries for hours on end.

dog or cat is a fucked up question how could u not love either of them???

tell me about your favorite album of the year I love going out. But then again I also love staying in, watching movies & playing the Nintendo switch .  Also if my baby doesnt like you then you gotta go Hercules is picky  uh lol i like to dance and i guess i like snowcones a lot and im kinda tall ok bye

hehe this is dumb ok bye Dutch-American from Washington DC
65 california gurl Meaningful conversations.
Exploring new areas.
Outside adventures. 
Playing sports and being active. 
Learning. Reading. Writing. 

The dogs name is phoebe and unfortunately she is not mine 

Lets get to know each other. NYC
 NJ in Biotech
U of Michigan Alum
IG: @Devin_mcdonald_ Pre-med

Fourth picture is me with my little sister. Helps give people an idea of how short I am Good news is youll always be taller than me even when  wearing heels  Brazilian

 lets chat you message first nyc born & raised

a fan of: photography, documentaries, too much tv, walking aimlessly, stress baking, and big cities

your feminism is intersectional or its bullshit  Ezequiel.  Argentinian, not Brazilian. Or Sudanese, for that matter, but now  just being redundant. I make my living by being a sellout artist. By that I mean  an art director at McCann-Erickson advertising agency. Outside of work, I can be found eating pints of Ben & Jerrys, walking to the bodega to get more Ben & Jerrys, or working on my paintings (while simultaneously eating Ben & Jerrys). And, to no ones surprise, I happily reside in Cobble Hill. 
@ezequielconsoli Jersey, College Girl , Pisces ,56.... All Around Princess  
Instagram: Danas_palace Please and thank you Dark humored girl seeking dark humored man. I rEaLly like music from 1977-1984.  
Ill cook for youu - Swipe right if youre trying to swindle millions of dollars from the 1% with me. 

- Swipe right if youre willing to share your hoodies with me.

-  Strong believer in putting into this world what you want to get out of it  

Say hey and let's grab a drink  Adventurous
6'3"
Ginger-ish
Southern roots
Manhattan vibes 61

Youd better say something NYC  | Mostly gay | Kinda bi

Nice guy here. Would be cool to meet new people to have adventures with. Always down to grab drinks or explore the city (and beyond). I'll swipe right if I'm attracted to you and/or if I could see hanging out with you.

Open to a relationship, but let's not have that expectation when we meet. For me to want to be someone's bf, it starts by being really good friends first. Less pressure that way.

5'9". If we match, say hi! Ambitious, young creative from New York City with a love for fashion, art, and fitness. Looking for friends, dates, and open to more. Id love to get to know you, so send me a message!

Instagram: isaiahmikhail 

 NYC The Smarter the Women is, the more challenging the competition will become.
 Dominican 
 =  I like sunshine and tacos and bad jokes Law student. 47 countries. 

Open minded. Values kindness. 
No love for Trump thugs.
57 Bird Box Libra, LES, 26, Nerd & Whiskey Gingers. 
Touch my butt so I know its real. 
Dont be too psycho.
Insta: @nyyduffer Still reeling from A Star is Born

NYC

North Carolina's finest export

 @christopher.holshouser NJ/NYC
Hair colorist / barber 
Italian 
5'7
Scruffy  Just tryna be the girl you can bring home but also beat you in beer pong 63

 Funny goes a long way

@kareemabdelmagid NYC - BOS - NYC
back in the city for grad school 
the strokes, tame pala, SZA, cigs after sex
insecure, queer eye, westworld, black mirror
the bell jar, 1984, a little life English/Espaol//Franais. 
Work at the UN. Once was featured on the BBC. Grad student in international relations at NYU. Love politics, singing and travel. An Israeli-American studying in New York. Looking for guys who like international travel and fine food. New York, raised in DC |  ATTENTION HERE FOLKS. 
The name says Marcy but this here is Joanna. 19
She loves food, plays volleyball, dances, and is a fan of pubg.
Swipe right to hit this gal up 
You may also reach her by following her @j.oann4 on insta.
This is weird Ik. how can I trust someone who is using a different profile well its a long story but swipe if u have time for one 

Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Marcy Joanna Joanna Marcy Detroit / NYC
IG: lindslombardo Boston -> Seattle -> NYC. 
Always down for meeting new friends 


Lets talk about travel  Corporate lawyer based in NYC by way of London. Lets trade stories. NYC Medical student. Sports, food, travel, good vibes!  The annoying nutrition major who never gets invited out because everyones afraid shell just order a salad. Thats why  here, please invite me out. New Yorker by way of DC. 

Real Estate nerd, aspiring grad student, dog parent. 

Lets grab a drink, Cheers  

I like Nintendo
I like pork buns
I like Japanese shit. 
I like cooking
I like eating
I like cartoons
Idk




IG: mybodyisridley If you dont like The Office dont bother. Team Kim or Team Taylor?                                           Follow legit laguna beach on Spotify  West Point grad and former Army Officer. Current graduate student at Columbia. 

Insta: one4stu 61
VA  GA  NYC 
Sorry I never know what to write here  '18 CS, 5'7, love modern tv, and am down for boba anytime Inconsistently lucky 
mimi do u love me


non-monog

looking to have good convos, debate, dance, play, hook up, smoke, build community, take down the govt  Hot take: Brennan Lee Mulligan is the funniest person on collegehumor
Hotter take: collegehumor is still relevant
Hottest take: I spend too much time on YouTube 

What's the real length of my hair?
yOu'Ll nEvER knOw

in nyc 17-26 NYC
, yes I speak the language
510 so swipe left if ur not into tall girls I guess
Singer, dancer, adventurer, hiker, traveler, music lover
Office, HP, and GOT fanatic
First four pics are most recent
Trump supporters may swipe left :)
Dogs name is Hugo  Young professional in NYC looking for friends/dates/travel buddies. Interested in everything from fitness, hiking, and traveling, to politics and house/techno music. NYC based
Can we workout then share a pint of ice cream and watch Jeopardy?

6'4" Find someone who loves you like the Queen loves her corgis

Looking for people interested in
 chilling at cafes
 dining out
 exploring nyc

Hmu and we can make a sport of trying to find something to talk about  new to nyc and need a tour guide :)
also in school for professional makeup artistry so if you need a makeup artist for a shoot hit ya girl up!
insta: ekindt_19 New in East village
Born and raised in France 
De Paris brooklyn   montreal   shanghai

high quality entertainment:
@catherine._.mao Interests include but are not limited to:

Video games, Architecture, anime, board games, laser tag, group events, socials, technology, doing things I've never done before @kurtbarbara

Lets get drunk Cute and snappy. 

Yes, that is JJ Abrams with a cardboard cutout of my head.

talk to me about art or your sophomore year pop-punk phase.  peter, And  34. Beaches, breakfast. And boys. Looking for a running partner! Hit me up if ur at a 6 min mile Hobbies: magnets 
Likes: (little green) Ghouls
Dislikes: peoples knees
Favorite food: milksteak boiled over hard, jelly beans 
Drink: ok! Anthropology student from Amsterdam currently living in NYC, want to show me the city? Pace University 
Dog mom 
Fit-ish   Disney & Cheese
Unmatch me
I can sleep with my eyes closed, cool hu
Snapchat; spwf_16 Roller Coaster tycoon kid who just threw up all over your gold sidewalks in your Atlantis park. Thrill me.

Mono:
chromatic > gamy Surprise me. Bad jokes, great kisser. Searching for dance partners and evening co-adventurist. Chases worthwhile conversation with reckless abandon. Right amount of gentleman and excellent dinner guest

Poly, married, sane - even better if you match at least one of those. Globe trotter  

Work in the fashion industry 

Good vibes only  A fashion design student at Parsons School of Design 

Make more friends


Ins: shawnhuuuu  Food. Fashion. Art. Comics. Tattoos. Books. More Food. Adventure. 

55
Black & Filipino 
Originally: Hawaii 
Now: NYC

Anything else, Just ask.  kayla and people call me kayslay EU guy lives in New York. First of all dates, relationship and a nice, handsome boyfriend (later husband), who can be a second half  
New connections, friends (with/without benefits), chill, dates and yes I am looking for a relationship too with the appropriate guy! Open to grab a drink or coffee anytime. But I am open for anything!  Young dumb and broke hbu? 65 corporate attorney. Looking to grab a beer or six or seven. 

I swear I dont wear a tux as often as my pictures imply, but I can if you want me to inky twinky bag of bones   
talk to me about decolonizing academia, indie artists, kink, and why freud is a bitch

psych | soc | gender studies 
queer trans polyam [they/he] Seeking a friend for the end of the world + adventure + concert buddy

Current music moods: La Femme, Fugazi, Ought Soy inimaginablemente inigmante Professional man here who I give as much attention to my personal life as much as my career. Little things make me happy  . Into long walks and deep conversations, traveling and much more. What about you? Bird Box was pretty good

Must meet in person if you want to see me smile If you like water, you already like 72 percent of me. But seriously, I enjoy the beach, surfing, and kayaking. Always down to grab a drink. And I mightve dyed my hair blond for a short time.

6ft Just a David-Bowie loving cinephile who does not know what to put on a Tinder bio. NYC | Miami  

Yankees. Knicks. evan you enjoy writing plays, dogs, kid jackets, and pretending to be cool - my mom

writer / performer / lighting designer

Key terms: guava pastries, Miami, alligators, ABBA, croquetas, banjo, sushi, HGTV, hiking, Zoboomafoo Desperately in need of a travel buddy 

DM me on IG : @lucasdalfitto

French living in NYC
Up for a drink, coffee, diner, museum, walk ... (FR, EN, ES) ausphl pop punk trash Be the reason I delete this  English girl seeks decent cup of tea  
Best collaboration of all time: Ed Sheeran and Examples Nandos song (DM for link)
As you can see I also love some good, old fashioned, disco dancing! MD>Philly>NYC

An opinion without 3.14159 is just an onion Film archivist working at a place that scans and restores film. Living in Jersey City, working in Manhattan. 

Loves:
Black coffee. 
Gin and tonic. 
Spicy food. 
Buffy. 
Godzilla. 
Cooking.

Physically and politically a leftist. Queer/bi. Adorable. From South Carolina - have lived in Rochester, New Haven and rural England. 511 because whatever. Me: NJ native/MD homebody. A Hot Mess PERIODt. A lover not a fighter. 9 times out of 10 I will out drink you and your bros hehe. Lets chat about Game of Thrones, Bobs Burgers and Gene being a whole queer icon, music, and books or whatever you want. Recently moved from the North of Ireland to Jersey City! Working in midtown Manhattan as a legal consultant, very career motivated but also make time to enjoy other parts of my life. Keen traveller, like to workout, into music, movies and the odd pint at the weekend  i paid off my student loans
launch my modeling career 

ig: pearsonlau If you don't know, now you know 60 if you round up Dank memes yo Call me: 867-5309 so like whats up

makeup artist
snake dad
musician

instagram @collin_rishell Movie lover, outdoor enthusiast, shower singer, food loving Texan. Live in Brooklyn, Work in midtown. hi NYC
66
Instagram: dtkoziol

I eat food for a living (not a joke) 

Random likes:
Thunderstorms, old dogs, New York Sours, brunch, Parks and Rec, the color green, kayaking, fishing, giant fruit bats

Irrational dislikes:
White tube socks, fresh peaches, a wood popsicle stick that scrapes against your upper teeth

Bit of a nerd; love GRRM, documentaries, board games

Ive been called brave for being gay and eating the amount of carbs and cheese that I do and honestly,  rather proud of it IG: kevint__ NZ x NY
ENFP
59
Into adventures and doing new stuff  Just looking for people to do cool shit with. If you are into programming, art, or biking, hit me up DC  Charlottesville  NYC

Digital marketer by day and personal trainer at night

Enjoying life to the fullest. Interested in others who do the same

Sarcastic comments and tattoos are probably the way to my heart 

 an open book so ask away 

57

IG: a_billionaire94 Londoner living in San Francisco.  Two truths and a lie: 
1. Ive driven a 123 foot long tallship in a storm
2. I strongly believe the earth is flat
3. I was named after the pink power ranger  world traveler
 metalhead
 LiverpoolFC Fan
 movie-holic
 shutterbug
 foodie & cook
 jogging, hiking, skiing Winner of dance battles. 

Ig: @mh0ffman Phd in applied math.
For chat n friends.
Mostly bored while procrastinating. I like to eat. Made in France 

Bored by your usual  WASSUP  so be more original if u dont want me to ignore you.

Third pic is me walking away from you when I see you dont worth my time. 

You can have perfect muscles, but if u cant  hold a convo, youre as boring as a tomato in my burger

Stop pretending you never use tinder bc we all know you spend an hour a day swiping. 

If you are a fuckboy swipe left bc I dont have time to waste w/ u. You will never fuck me, not even dare todream of it Need someone to impress my Filipino aunties through salsa & line dancing  your favorite milf without kids. 



just ur basic house music junkie. 
I bake pastries & myself. 
not interested in hooking up.
libra trash.
tell me how you pronounce my name. 



Send me some book recommendations :)



















phuck donald trump. I always cook too much food, looking for someone to help me finish it Anastasia of House Tinder, the first of her name, Demolisher of Dumplings, Diver of Seas, Chugger of G&Ts, Catcher of Flights, Wearer of Bikinis, and Winner of N64 I'm a nerd! I love things like video games, books, anime, D&D, cooking etc. also enjoy the gym though! I'm going to college to get a computer science degree. Just trying to meet some people and maybe make some good friends or something more. If I super like its on purpose. Idk what else to put here so just message me :) Probably listening to Ari
Just a helpless romantic with a fear of commitment
~ 
Follow the insta Adventure awaits... someone to share it with would be a plus . 

 a catch, lets be best friends that end up getting married  

Jesus Camp and chill?  a heavy equipment mechanic for John deer, I enjoy country music,rock and pretty much all music. a huge animal person and family person. If you would like to know more you can add me on snap:Beanbutter. Starting my PhD in Clinical Psych in the fall. Looking for that special someone to make awkward jokes with. Love The Office, spicy margaritas and my Thursday nights at Barracuda. Law student Just a girl looking for an adventure...

What  doing now: working on a novel and acting in film and tv. 

 kinda shy so please message me first!!!

Ask me anything, Id be happy to answer Architectural Designer + Fashion Photographer. I think Tinder is funny. I have a standard poodle named Ghost. I love Halloween and  62 Live in NY less than a year, so  still excited to hangout and explore the city.
I have lots of hobbies, I like to do yoga, read books and mangas, watch movies, drawing, swimming ( still finding a nice and clean swimming pool in the city )and I also love plants, I used to have a lot of plants before I moved to here.
Trying to make new friends and finding relationship, so if youre only finding people for sex, I am not the one you are looking for.   Are you sure your pictures are really helping you on here..?

IG: addydavis 
insta: @lefranzoni music. swearing.  food.  talking. 


Waiting on my super powers to manifest. 

If one more fucking account says, Take me to a museum 

(yeah thats my dog) Snapchat- zsinger14
Insta- @_zachsinger  not really good at theses.. I like the human connection more... My name is Melyssa Marie, 32 years old, Dominican and Black.  a Dental Hygienist and currently enrolled in Dental School at NYU, ultimate goal is to become an Oral Surgeon. 
Far from perfect, so not expecting perfection from anyone. Just be you, if we click than we click, if we dont, we dont. Life is too short to be anything but happy. You only get one, so live it.

Yes, I am a real person. My instagram is: Melyssa_marie_rdh 
1 Photography, cooking
2 Typical Capricorn, cute
3 Look for friends and stable relationship
4 Tattoo and pierced are both OK but not too much 
5 Favorite band: Muse
6 Language: Chinese, English and French New to this. Trying to see what the hype is about eCommerce Supply Chain professional and Duke grad with a warm and caring heart. I love making people close to me happy and bring a smile to their faces. I love cooking Indian food, reading , watching movies and dancing (random Indian wedding dance)! "Two thumbs up"  Various Moms Brooklyn is home . 
I work at a Media Agency 
 an avid runner  East Village.
@nikorosso TS Head Doctor! Clean and disease free visiting the Bronx so would love to meet a guy from here... play with his stick and make him bust :) I just came to say hello Friends and I have made a buzzfeed quiz which let's you know who among us you're most alike, and this is what my friends wrote if you get "Anri" in the quiz: "this is a great honor. well done. you should be very proud of yourself. only a blessed few can call themselves a true "anri", and by this, we mean that you are among the most studious, loyal, loving, gifted and wise women. not to worry, you can still throw down." Single
Aries
Dont waste my fucking time
Curvy &Thicc
Not here for hooks so swipe that left if thats what your looking for have a nice day 
Dont know how to put on make-up so if you like that  not the one for you
420  Looking for someone who can call me baby and keep up in a philosophical debate. 

Also I'm running out of money and my paid internship doesn't start for a couple weeks so buy me dinner? Or a dozen eggs? Just a person looking for something real.
I fucking love video games and music 
Work at Walmart
On the day I was born they said the heavens wept, cause I was born with a crown of thorns on my head and the hearts of a million men in my chest!!!- Set To Stun 
Love a conversation, see if you can hold one
Born and raised in NY
Love to Travel, Workout, and play Volleyball
Instagram: tisalex65 Hi my name is Stephen and I am 26. I am new to this app, thought I would give it a try. I would like to get to know someone truly for who they are and not emphasize a persons flaws. 
Send me a message or hit me up to chill or to get to know me. I like trying new things or we can go out and grab a drink or food to meet. Looking for someone that doesnt roll his eyes when I again make a *wildly* inappropriate remark in public.

Amateur wine snob and wannabe cook. Lawyer by day, mild alcohol problem by night. 59 on even days. Chelsea is home, midtown is for daytime corporate slavery.   an artsy fartsy type of person but plot twist I cant paint. Accounting major
Just your average crazy horse girl
P.s. the guy in the photos is my gay best friend
58 things that get me excited: 

construction machines, weirdly shaped lamps, food with mushrooms, inconveniently placed mirrors, government building interiors, candles, cats, dark chocolate covered almonds, and small boats.

born and raised in kuwait Ig: kevjj87 Looking for someone to eat carbs with. 
@seth.in.the.city  born and raised in 

@sala.y @raycheleigh   (Mostly)

live in Williamsburg
59 anxious and Jewy 

Strong preference for people into Marx, Freud, Deleuze, design+illustration, and/or my photos

Working on my application for the Academy for Unseen Arts. See you after mass at The Church of Night!

 , ,  , Lilith and Pluto in , Jupiter and Chiron in , all other planets in !  _()_/

Help me practice  Any NYU heads trying to be friends
Wings and empanadas 
Humor me 6'2"

Bostonian New Yorker

@michael.g.grant Insta- abbiestewartx open hearts // open minds

kindness is sexy

'where there is intelligence, passion, and generosity, there is also chemistry.' 
- luca guadagnino

ig: @stareintoflame Just moved to Berlin  Weed is my bff If everyone had a bong wed all get along

Hmu if youre tryna smoke some ganjaaaa Talk to me about dope music and binging tv, and maybe Ill explain my fourth picture lol 

55 mixed
Pisces, loves most music 
Political Science Major
I do like men, but  also into honey 

Lets grab a drink  An NP-complete problem in an O(1) world

Send me a gcal invite so I know its real New Yorker No but are u hiring It's not easy to find the right person to talk to. But when you find it, seize it and don't let him go. 

Like to have relaxing hike and walk along the beach. Love going to musical shows if I have the chance( and the money). Trying to do fine dining one every two weeks. Make it a mission to use food to know a city. Trying to learn how to zing my heart out. 

 UCF | MSA | 
Insta: @Kellycouturee Art ppl wya
True love wya

At this point  not really into hookup culture so if youre tryna take me on a date to get to know one another thatd be ~ideal~ ENFP,feel free then HMU
Just back to Taiwan 
I won't bite
SINGLE NOW
All I want for Christmas is you  Youngish professionalish.

Never met a skyline I didnt like. 

Talk to me about politics, trains, travel, fitness or games  living in NYC 

*not enough food emojis*

insta  tom.tanan Business & design background - currently involved in hospitality design - pushing my own business in residential/ commercial interior architecture. 

@colinfuda for the social stuff )) UF alum
ig: jordan_hirschhorn  hedge fund boi. here for book recs, people who like cocktails, and (sometimes) cock. Just moved to the DC area from Texas. Starting a PhD in Economics at UMD. Likes include kimchi, public transit, and birds. the doctor your mom wants you to date Work in Chelsea NY, from California 
Kinda shy, 62

Lets speak in Italian 

Occasional world traveler, passionate beachgoer, recovering a cappella singer, econ & politics nerd, devastating quips all day.

(57 & happy to beat expectations) Hello, it's me   living in  6'3
Enjoy Triathlons, Wit & stuff to do with Sustainable Development 
Been learning Mandarin for a while
Blah...
Blah...
More Fun Facts Coming soon! Transplant from Atlanta living in the Lower East Side. World traveler and urban explorer. 

Oh and if you are in to tall guys, I'm 6'5"

Down for dates and drinks! I live in NYC. I love the outdoors (but not really possible here). I enjoy hiking, bicycling, and board games. I also am trying to get better at photography. Cool, calm and all about high positive vibrations 

If she ain't foreign, she's boring.
 
5'6"

 The worlds not meant to be lived in one place  Looking for someone to write Julian Assange/Pamela Anderson fan fiction with me 

Just once I want to read "unethically non monogamous" Kor/Eng
182/63/26
No hook ups
LTR
     Doctor. Napper. Foodie. Former Crossfitter. 

Looking for the guy I swiped left on.  Looking for my passion. What is your passion? What fulfills you in life?

I am originally from Germany and moved for an internship to NYC. So my time here is limited (April 2019) - let's make the best out of it.

Generally I love philosophical discussions and deep talk - it feels like life is too short to exchange about things like weather (unless you are a professional meteorologist then I am happy to extend my deeper knowledge with you) or the life of some Instagram stars.
 Jersey City. LA native. Lawyer. NJB. Pug lover. Raver. Traveler. Pad Thai addict.

Sports fans and mob wives are pluses. 

My holy trinity: YG, Valentino Kahn, and Daddy Yankee

En/Es/It Future New Yorker, but just here for a week now. 63. Learning + traveling + cooking.

Ive been to Chernobyl, and once asked Jack Dorsey on a movie date. He said no.

Bi guy in an open relationship. 511 / Multilingual (inquire within) / 

 holding my passport Bc I had literally no other form of ID and I needed to document some chain of custody in case I lost my passport tbh @davkbi I cook, floss, and wipe down the gym equipment when  done. Brazilian living in Brooklyn. 5'9"  Btm here.  using tinder plus(ATL,GA)
I would say  very simple. I like hopeless romantic things like in the movies. In my spare times, I usually stay inside just imagining how my life would be like if I was a singer. Haha. That being said, I enjoy singing while playing guitar and piano. I usually play the piano when  in a weird mood, to get me to feel calmed and relaxed. 
Passion:I want to work in a place where I help the helpless. I wanna see the smile on ones face when theres hell I don't care if you follow me on Instagram but you better connect with me on LinkedIn. Favorite food: milksteak
Hobbies: magnets
Likes: ghouls
Dislikes: peoples knees

@the_jadest ATL  BOS  NYC

Looking for dates/LTR

MD | jet-setter | EDM | crossfitter | musician | IPA lover | dog whisperer | golfer  before sunrise buddy teeny tiny aspiring college dropout 
 a less charming Danny devito Let's make winter less sad visiting nyc. from scotland. Into film and old rock music 
Looking to get lost 
Hopeless romantic Peruvian living in NYC!  Nonprofit professionalcat parent  beach lover  traveler actor  boxer  wrestler  NJ / VT
UVM Soccer
 really short. German volunteer in nyc.
Looking to meet new people 
 Flexible but lazy Always looking for my next adventure! Born in HK, raised in Manhattan Instagram:
@savannahbarna Just moved back to New York after six years away. Glad to be back. Writer/Filmmaker living in Brooklyn

Down to Earth and fun-loving with a great sense of humor. Looking for the same! If you say "beer can" with an English accent it sounds like "bacon" with a Jamaican accent.

You're probably pronouncing my name incorrectly in your head.

If I have to initiate the conversation on bumble, you have to initiate it here.

FaceTime me so I know its real. Contrary to popular use, I don't just use Tinder for an ego boost. I'm 6', established in my career but also wanting corporates boot off my neck. Love some grit and some synth tunes to make my hips move. If you want goth I'm down, if you want synth pop punk I'm in. Let's make it happen over a drink, coffee or burrito. Lets match and see where it takes us filmmaker who mostly takes pictures
ig: gus_reed I Love To Laugh   & Height: 57 & 1/2                                                          Instagram: Dammdiamond.                                    I Have Braces .                                               If You A Scorpio Swipe Left .
Any Super Likes Are An Accident Alexa, play Barbie Dreams by Nicki Minaj NYC  Heyyyyyy
Lets go on an adventure -born in  raised in 
-gonna be a lawyer 
-like meeting new people  

Chama a,vamos cvs,sla 5ft8 , downtown
   
   Make me laugh and  all yours. 
    Enjoying life  #positivevibes ONLY 
 
       Food, Skincare, White Wine, Travel & Fashion cute and clever
tu crew @Juliohenriquealves
Writer. Attorney.  DYLM, do you like memes?

Just a regular degular shmegular Colombian girl working in publicity.

So I guess you could say  great with words.

NYC by the way of Jersey (not Shore) Ask me what you want to know 
Ig: Lnatasha_23 South African in NY for a few months Visiting from New York!

Interested in photography, long distance walking, red wine, bicycling, bagels and lox. Just your atypical 59 girl whose life revolves around mostly finance and social outings  Probably a shit housewife, but god damn the girl can drink - and if you can figure out which country  from Ill buy you one Industrial & Systems Management Engineering Message me if ya want to go out for dranks. Got a few days.   in NYC: 212   in CT: 203 

NYU 15' 

Give me a reason to delete this app? Looking for dates/LTR

Instagram: @JakeLiebo

San Juan: 1/6-1/7
Miami: 1/30-2/1
Ft. Lauderdale: 2/1-2/3
San Juan: 12/28
Cruise: 12/28-1/4
San Juan: 1/4-1/5

Commercial Property Insurance Advisor and your typical preppy CT guy by night. 

Training for my Private Pilots License  

Patagonia 
Wine  
Golden Retriever dad  
Airplanes 
Beach   IG:nyuethan

Work in Pharma Market Research. Enjoy atv, snowmobiling, kayaking, boating, tennis, sarcasm, reading buzzfeed articles to fall asleep, reality tv, laughter, and over the top facial expressions. 

Let's grab a drink and take it from there :)

Also whats more fun than being judged on a few pictures of ourselves and a short blurb?  a girl who loves Pizza Hut, potatoes, and maybe you  so you tellin me a shrimp fried this rice Something serious could be fun. 
6ft, Hudson County, NJ Lawyer living in Hell's Kitchen.  

I enjoy traveling, fitness, beer, wine, and exploring the city. NYC 
Former Division 1 Athlete 
Born and Raised Upstate NY Instagram: katrinaseidenthal 

Looking for someone to take me out on a nice date  

Heart pure as gold  Not looking for anything serious, just a husband. Laid back attorney in NYC, grew up in hotels, rugby enthusiast, former rower and swimmer, secret dog whisperer, nonsmoker looking for same, ideally eager for something serious with someone who has their life together, 6'1", ENTJ.

In light of Trump's presidency, I'll be running when I hit 35...

Love real estate, would like to travel more, looking for a travel buddy.

Quite open--ask questions. Brit lost in NYC, yes I have an accent, no I dont know the royal family 

Tell me whats worth a visit 

Singer  actor  nap queen instagram: @jasontl 
5'9"
Hoboken I'm a graphic designer working in manhattan. Always down to meet new people.  this one time, i drove into a wall Stop Flagging my photos!! Lol

6ft 190 lbs 
Twitter/Snapchat/IG: @eternalismusic
www.eternalismusic.com

Chicago Atlanta  New York 

Afro Latino. Work in education and also work in entertainment as a singer, dancer, and Fitness model. 

I desire something more than a hook up. No BS! So no confusion, I'm not a top. :) When  not fighting hackers and terrorists... you can find me in the kitchen cooking something delicious or at the dog park with my corgi whos named Meatball (Instagram: @meatballthecorgii).

Highly motivated young professional looking for a LTR and someone to take over the world with. 

Avid traveler, coffee drinker, foodie, joker, dog lover and like the occasional workout. Philly | New York In high school I got most likely to brighten your day. usually on a beach, laughing candidly Born in China and moved to NYC for graduate school and have been working here since.

I am a huge comedy fan, gamer (mostly Nintendo), frequent theatre goer. I am passionate about classical music (especially opera), and love outdoors and traveling.

Looking for friends and relationships. Just shoot a message if you want to know about me. Lets get coffee and hangout! If we match, ask for my number or DM my Instagram: ysquirrel400.

Live in Manhattan (Hells Kitchen).

CFA Charterholder and CPA. Work in finance.

5'9", 140lbs. Froggy Fresh is the only thing I go on YouTube for. Pansexual
Looking for friends and good vibes
420  Rapper 
Follow me on IG: @iamraycosme Instagram: @tijanaselak

European, Dancer, Dance Company owner, Dogs are the love of my life. 

Leave people better than you found them. New grad  just moved to NY. Hoping to meet more people Engineering student
Good vibes only 
Trying to meet some friends 6'4" 
Netflix

LINE


My name is AyakaNice to meet you.
I do love musicals .
Tell me what movie or drama would you like in Netflix. Now  into Final space
 going on a trip to New York next April.
Do you have any recommendations?


 I love dogs 
Lets watch FRIENDS
Snapchat: brydyn.thompson Add me on Snap@ mr.frezhman
Add me on instagram @ just.a.name___ Are you ambitious or spontaneous? 56

Currently picking my grad school. Help me decide!  Originally from London! Looking for someone to vibe with and make me happy!  a . Into photography and fine art  Thriving. Living my best life. 

Real Estate Investor 

6 ft ENFP

Insta: Steven_clarke Living in Hells Kitchen. Chill and open minded. Always up for a drink. Ig/snap - murraydavidjr

 In the dirty daygo til 2/11 then back to wburg Vancouver/Seattle Outdoors and crosswords. Will probably swipe right if you have a  beard. 

56 here. Brooklyn based. Very friendly. Down for anything but I have to be back in my room by 10 woah thats a lotta mirror pics sry

idk anything hbu

58 ugh



u prolly freak me out

@xalinahongx

pls be sweet to me "By the strength of our common envevdour we achieve more together than we do alone"

Urban Engineer in the making, coming soon to a town near you.  

Big fan of traveling and exploring new places, want to learn the beauty in each individual. What's your story! 

Crazily spontaneous, hugly ambitious. What is your why?

Interests: Football & Politics 

Made entirely of flaws but stitched together with good intentions.

References available upon request. 

 Pharmacist, legal drugs ftw

Don't let your memes be dreams

  /, lawyer turned tech entrepreneur.  based in nyc. 6'

ltr / str / vstr

ig: aknicol Ray. Model. 22

Hmu   a Physicist from Croatia, currently working at Wall Street. Love good food, gym, hiking, traveling, museums, science, history. Prefer dates instead of hookups. 
511  158 lbs New Yorker. My sense of humor is probably darker than yours.
 single father of five Proud . Married. Just looking for friends and that's it. 

Shy, caring guy who was forced onto here. Or maybe just a stack of raccoons in a trench coat?

Corporate finance professional, fit foodie, and up for an adventure. Live and work in Midtown, born and grew up in Jersey. I speak both English  and  . If everyone was consistently as determined as they were when they carry in all the groceries, this world would be a better place.
Let's chat about aviation, technology, theater and the arts! Bonus points for chats about theater lighting.
Looking for a great guy to have a relationship with, but friendships are always welcome. 
I work in the entertainment industry doing lighting for corporate events and tv broadcast.
High possibility I'm visiting your city for work. Dallas is home. girl fieri looking for her guy fieri insta: jesslemieux (20)

Ruin my life so I know its real Univ. of Maryland graduate, Police Officer , . looking for masculine and fit guys who aren't into the scene and like sports and working out . pretty basic. Relationship oriented, if we match on here then message me on IG @nick_urule From Argentina.
New in the states. 
Lover of traveling, good conversations and movies. guac is extra but so am I

insta: madisonhershfield 

All about good food, good drinks, and good people PEK -> SJC -> CHI -> NYC
Suck at playing piano and table tennis
Okay at Maths Rome  NYC Just moved from Dallas!
Dinner? Coffee? Beer? Lets do something. Looking for mates, fwb and dates.

Gym  by morning, scientist  by day, otaku by night

Ethnicity: 90% Chinese (Verified by 23andMe)
Interests: Travel, Netflix, Gym, Sleep, Eat

4 film graduate. film person, introvert, reader, writer, listener, bi &sarcastic/Coffeeenthusiast.

on here cause I cant meet anyone in real life

Update: people suck in real life Men are trash especially those of y'all who are losers who want to keep their interest in trans women a secret. not into non monogamous/poly situations or explaining gender identity to cis dudes. Not into non-monogamy. Message me if you have a cute butt meditation
psychology
tibetan buddhism
neuroscience
plant-based
sober curious
running
dancing 
traveling
nature
fashion 
laughter
kindness 
compassion 
sassiness  originally from Chicago. Ive been in NYC for 8 years. I work in operations for a start up in continuing medical education. Fun fact: I am a NYC licensed fire performer.

 31 years old, 511, and 160lbs. I prefer to go on dates and find something long term, but  not against something casual either. Things I like:
-napping
-cocktails
-The Greatest Showman Soundtrack

Instagram: esoteric.derek Chicagoan in LA A real life doppelgnger  Howdy Brooklyn Future Nurse Practitioner
@mare_sigs Please bring donuts to 30 Rock Ive been here since 3:00am and  hungry 

 just trying to see Jimmy Fallon High energy and easy going, caring, travel enthusiast, multilingual 
I have a soft spot for hardcore/punk music. Going to concerts is one of my hobbies.
Kinda tall (510) so if youre tall, dont be shy. 
I like positive and interesting people who can hold a conversation.
Just smile! UPenn'18 
India -> philly -> NYC
I have a mild bum chin 
I pour the milk before the cereal, bite me. 
Guy in the picture is actually my son. Why hello there. Looking for dates and for one of those boyfriends... 

Masters degree and still pushes doors that say pull 

Can fold a fitted sheet by myself, spends way too much time playing video games, can never correctly judge how much pasta to make.

If I super liked you, 95% chance it was an accident.

If I know you, I will swipe right. Love awkward reunions.

If i super liked you and I know you, I'm in it for your kidneys. The market is hot right now.

Odds I respond increase 1000% if you can come up with something better than just "hey"  New to NYC! Lets chat, brunch, and create a vibe! 

25 & Living Life....the rest is a mystery 

Follow Me
IG & Twitter :_itswayne always down for puppy play dates  Dog person. Design nerd. Dundie nominee. I might be moving to Europe in April, but would still love to spend a few months with someone fun 

Irish | 25 | 63 | Live in Williamsburg | Interior design/architecture | Decent shower singer

Insta: _mitchellbanks_ Australian  looking for NYE plans, know of any?...

On a scale of 1 to Colin Creevey, how big of a Harry Potter fan are you?

@RyGraf From Paris  New York  former San Diegan

Globe trotter, Adventures, Travel, Swimming, Gym, beach, road trips, Researcher, PhD in Physics

 y_assou
IG ya_ssou NYC  University of Delaware IC 22 
I like hiking and hanging with fun people :) 
HMU if you like kuwtk & Beyonc

Message me if you wanna get to know each other!! would love to know your most embarrassing story Smart, funny (I promise to send and laugh at your memes), non-judgmental. Looking for friends only please. NYC Born & Raised
Appreciate good vibes 
Prefer sugar in my 

Hobbies : Movies, Music, Stocks/Trading, Investing & Netflix Binging Fashion Institute of Technology studying Textile Development and Marketing

Ig: rebecccabailey 25/5'5"/Lead Recruitment Consultant

English girl living in New York 
Instagram: veritypratt
Snapchat: veritypratt 
 Say hi. Friends would be nice. I'm a very FUN man! Spontaneous is my middle name! Adventures are what get me out of bed every morning. I love to meet new people I and do new, original things! Anyone who can keep up with my energetic lifestyle is great in my book! Want to try? NYC is home, frequent traveler 
Food-Wine-Travel-Beaches-Tequila-Dogs
Work in commercial real estate Just figuring the world out. Always traveling , loves rick and north and a shit ton of marvel movies so if you could keep up Hmu 

Sc: geeezvs 59
No snap
IG Boxshrine
Dancer and stylist. Auntie. I graduated from Mills College and teach middle school. Ive lived in two other countries. Single. Bisexual. student athlete
self proclaimed foodie 
binge watcher snap; eellielizabeth
english on a trip to NYC Here to have someone to grab coffee with, 
I like cats, cheese and wine 
Guess what color is my current hair color brooklyn, ny 
chips, salsa and guac is my favorite dinner
most likely to quote SATC 
just call me B  Hey! I am an ESL/ELA high school teacher  in Brooklyn. 

When I'm not busy teaching I enjoy traveling, learning new languages (currently on German ), the outdoors, writing, tennis, Pokmon and an occasional glass of beer. 

What do you like? Let's eat Thai food and watch true crime documentaries make me laugh and well get along perfectly 
IG: itsirisb_  looking for a relationship lol so far no luck

Please submit your application as soon as possible.
 best regards, Grayson. NYC Follow me on insta
IG: kerlinej Multidisciplinary queer failure artist. I think Charlie Kelly said it best, What do now?


If you dont know who that is, its hopeless ny Looking to meet new people for dates and a meaningful connection. Easy going and fun guy so shoot me a message. Silly lady 

Writer

TV/Film Super social being with a love for people and keeping busy. I could eat sushi all day errryday, and love ordering dominos when I'm feeling naughty. I'm looking for someone funny, cute, driven, optimistic, confident, and over all just amazing. Am I reaching for the stars? No not really. Entice me  Live-Jersey City/Work-Chelsea/Workout-Equinox Printing House. Dates > Friends>Fun
5'9 (taller guys )
Little Spoon 
Love 2 Travel
Work = Finance
Pro @ cuddling
Cook 4 survival 

Born in Colombia and raised in NYC 
Instagram: @chenellebrown trying to not get ghosted College grad at University of Tampa
Work at JPMorgan Chase in NYC
Love music, movies and traveling  Graphic Designer from LA
Based in New York City
Cerebral palsy (hence the walker)
Lets watch movies together :))) NYC
World Traveler  42 countries and counting
Running and travel partner applications are open!
Love Animals
Photographer 
Emory Class of 2018
International Studies and Chinese

EN/
insta: @jakerosmarin Think you match my crazy ? Australian on vacation Into hanging with animals, nature, indoor gardening, pilates, carl sagan  (my hero), rock n roll and metal Challenging you to a dual of banter....


PREPARE TO LOSE. I love everything foreign: languages, wines, travel, music, food, culture, and perspectives. My other passion is theater. I'd love to find someone who likes one or more of these.

"We travel not to escape life...but for life not to escape us." -Anonymous Support your local Olive Garden  Buy me rum buckets and take me to the beach Do you want to super size this happy meal? Recently moved to New York | Tax Lawyer | Music | Festivals | Food | Vegetarian | Sports | Friends | Traveling 

[EN/NL] I go by Becca, not Rebecca, not Becka, not Bechka. Just wanna get to know someone. I like parties but that's not all I do lol I'm a semi smart dude. Not in college yet but I'll def be going. I aspire to change the world.  Swipe left if you skip leg day or brunch Passionate about brunch, Harry Potter, and human rights (possibly not in that order) 
 Leo 
English Lit 
Thriving in the city  
In NYC for a few days for work, imma peace out real soon 

 Id rather be at the beach
 pretty Gemini
IG: @thisisscottfu Just ended a 5-yr relationship. 

Youre six feet tall but Id rather you be 6 feet under -my psychiatrist

On your right, youll see a recent college grad with virtually zero talent. -your college tour guide

Would give negative infinity stars if I could -Every dating match ever

Please vacate this establishment at your earliest convenience -The Oval Office

You have about 0.69 seconds before I call the cops -My ex

Youre not gay enough for us -gaymen
No homo, bruh -str8men I like to travel a little too much and will point out dogs in public  Duke  Epicurean  Traveler  Lover of the finer things  SoulCycle  Dog Dad 

Washington D.C. 

#wineanddine

Also,  60 cause apparently I come across short in pictures  EDM. Fun. Sarcastic. Travel. Work in Midtown Manhattan and live on Long Island. 

What's the point of matching and not chatting?  Enjoy volleyball, swimming, the German language and good-hearted people. Mixed girl living in the Big City 

Originally from Denmark  

Need someone to watch football with. Globe trotter  and ardent traveler.  Foodie. Bibliophile. Automobile enthusiast.
 Infrastructure Planning student. 
Love to meet people for a conversation over coffee or a drink. Biology x Chemistry 
Taurus

Love to laugh 

Height deficient, be my complement
Il ny a pas de langue suprieure au franais 
Las mujeres aman las de la intuicin Born and raised New Yorker looking for dates and fun. Intelligence and good movie taste turn me on. I will beat you at any game

5'9 Looking for a guy who can make me a drink..

Whats your favorite podcast?

57

NYC Journalist in NYC. Hopefully striving to be empathetic and find a way to make some sort of difference. Also love books, television, comedy, live music, and Trader Joes. 
                     
Every two people cause an intersection. Every person alters the world. NYC / 64
: vjm_3 NJ    18 not 19 Aries sun/devil moon/angel rising/ happy Friday! I love travelling (doing it a lot), tennis, food (who doesn't? Lol) and obsessed with airplanes. Finished my PhD last year.

Based in Amsterdam. I may seem like a meme but fr its gonna get cold soon and  looking for someone to keep my heart warm during the Fall/Winter. 

If you wanna geek add me on snapchat

Traps arent gay
Always tryna get lit with qt3.14s and the homies.
Swipe right if you tryna yiff yiff or RAWR ECKS DEE
OwO
Discord- SmallBoobsLover#5932
Snapchat- sunnydayblood
League of legends- MilkingGirlicks Scorpio bITCH 
I have a clown tattoo and its my entire life 
I lov death grips & sUFFERING 
anime & acid
Let me play with ur hair
$BillyNotRly
Hmu on insta !! @billynotrly I rarely check this !! 10 times out of 9 I know your lying  but 9 times out of 10 I know your trying. So I am trying to be fair.

Don't care about the lights and beams 

The only way to go is up 

 Photographer
Videographer
Music lover
Entrepreneur mind
Highly motivated
Show me your ambitious attracted to artists and lefties.                          
                                                                     
actor/director and future president

my favorite emoji >  Art lover. Dog fanatic. House Stark. 
Dont be shy! Looking to meet new people and go on new adventures 

Snap me: mjw33bb Coffee
Foodie
Gym
54 and happy
Indonesia - LA
NY: 7-11 generally happy human with a healthy enthusiasm for cats, architecture, and NYC bagels. third year master of architecture student at yale   infj / gemini 
  Visiting New York. Show me what makes the big apple a fun place to be  I wanna visit Kimmy Schmidts house in Manhattan


From England  

extra info includes me being a computer science student and being a geek who dresses chic. Also a gamer, duh Honestly if we match, I'm either high, drunk, or just in it for your dog  

Highkey bisexual; highkey will ghost on your ass if you even think about asking for a threesome 61, adventurous, and a lot more. Ha. Lets say you and I go toe-to-toe on bird law and see who comes out the victor

 Easy going individual who loves to travel. I love a good brunch 

@jalallawani Good guy hereI enjoy movies,food,chill,outdoors  and a good laugh.  from  moved to USA since 2016.I do gym and occasionally hit the bars. Latina.
Pansexual 
Poly Midtown east - 59 - 
Looking for a LTR

Ig: wesley__nyc willing to talk whenever !  living in New York City  Baby vet with a passion for brunch and bathrobes  Looking for cute boys to take cute pics of me Food over flowers, every single day. Pan and Poly

Let me know if you don't know what the above means.

 very straightforward about how weird I am and I enjoy bringing more weirdos into my circus.

Have an adventure with me!

Answer this: what makes you different?

 Brooklyn. What's everyone reading/listening to these days?

Looking to share the early bird special with an artsy / bookish boy. Tell me what well call our indie band Hi  Bryan. Just looking for a new interesting friend and maybe hang out. What do you say? Need more friends to expand my point of view. Enjoying dolce far niente and finding my way around life. 

5'2"

Rarely on here, so DM me

IG: @muscles_marinara4 Armenian & Russian

NYC Munich up on tinder  6 foot Looking for YouTube couple candidates, lets get this shmoney You miss 100% of the shots you dont take 
-Wayne Gretzky
-Michael Scott
I wont message you first. My pancreas is broken and  studying how to help people talk about their feelings

Australian travelling for 3 months, help me figure out cool shit to do 

Looking for some sick live music venues, bars and record stores "Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none." From Surrey, UK, 21
Travel
Animals
Alcohol
Old people
Gaming
Music 
Singing too loud 
Eating too much 
Sleeping too much 
Spending too much 
 My eyebrows are stupid thiccc

I flinch every time I have to stab a straw into my bubble tea

Fashion designer from the wild, wild Midwest

I love Cars 3 and crocs Polish-Lebanese 
All guys break your heart... change my mind 
Let's have fun and maybe see where things go 
Not a small bitch so swipe left if you can't handle that  almost 2 old 2 die young. 

living in brooklyn. previously lived in stockholm, london, paris, & seattle. Living that uni life tbh Biomed
You any good at cod tho??
Add me on psn - trishnaa
MUFC Welcome to your destiny~!





 Restaurant manager in midtown, living in Sunnyside. Work late nights and weekends and am not a member of Barrys Boot Camp or Soul Cycle, so if youre ok with that then Ill probably propose! Message me wanna see more? go follow my insta-daniellex97
wanna see my life? go add me on snap-daniellebieber9 Not your typical Asian 
And no, I don't offer happy endings *tries to sound interesting* 
Just a dork -Gender nihilist/anarchist actively working towards the revolution of everyday life so that we all can stop selling our lives to survive

-undergrad studying anthropology and psychology

-laid back and funny as fuck

-have a cool cat and a dope dog

-likes to get high, make music, read and discuss critical theory, and ride my bike

If youre not open minded or dont care about the wellbeing of the world, then dont even bother swiping right.  FROM OZ

here comes the hurdy gurdy man - - singing songs of love. along with a bunch of useless photos. and a post youre not even reading I bet. I dare you to mention the hurdy gurdy man to me. 






hurdy gurdy, hurdy gurdy, hurdy gurdy, hurdy gurdy gurdy gurd Please tell me you love watching Brooklyn Nine-Nine too

 Born and raised New Yorker. Not expecting much from tinder. It would be nice to meet genuine, career focused,  and sane guys. If that's you say hi. I'm all about the adventure lets experience it together.

IG: JAYNYC28 Snapchat: Cynical710 Little of everything, lot of nothing Pet lover. Photographer. Loves concerts and adventures. Love pop/alternative/rock music. Freshman at SVA. (May or may not talk about Taylor Swift obsessively.) RU-N 21
ig: kr_1023 
 Obsessed with my dog

 New to NYC :) 5 points to Gryffindor if youre a Harry Potter fan  10 points if you love T. Swift.... coffee or theatre dates anyone? Always in sweats 
55  Mexican. Currently living in Milwaukee. Only African American need apply 
Hit me up so we can FaceTime 
SC- sssttteeeppphhh Love hard, live fast, die fun                                                Lets see what happens!                                         Ask me on a date if you dare   FR-EG
based:  NYC-MOSCOW-MONACO
 
Rarely connected I leave you this info I know you'll know how to use it : 
IG : iammanueladelaunay 

french girl Citizen of the world, based on plane going from place to place... 58 

To be honest 
 not looking for anything serious or long-term. I travel too much for that. 
I just trying tinder to make good friends & "have fun"  
btw I dont want to fuck your Boyfriend. 

No drama story.

Director in my own company of yacht  sarcastic & love having fun 
& yes,  a mom of an awesome 2 year old. I'm taken; I just wanna meet new people who are hopefully as nerdy as me lol

Nursing student, nerd, goofball, meme machine, cat mom, recovering coffee addict, mediocre singer/artist, bi


I love food, anime, video games (PC/Nintendo), animals, Pokemon, and pretty much anything nerdy haha

Currently watching: JoJo Part 5
Playing: Smash Ultimate, Pokemon Let's Go Eevee Here for a good time but not a long time 63 Winter is coming.

Let's keep each other warm. A lone egg  A very kind young woman  always looking for more music recs NYC. French-Brazilian guy Cynical, but in a Larry David kind of way Former expatriate. Reluctant runner. Doughnut aficionado. 

Always up for an adventure. buy my nudes, help ya girl out.  
Snapchat: Alexamoore54   

Sarcastic, witty, opinionated, nerdy, honest, spontaneous.

I absolutely dislike: fake, entitled, self absorbed homos. 

 here I would be so psyched if we just dated forever - Kelly Kapoor

Just moved to NYC from Indiana, pls help me find the best tacos in the city!!  good at this. Escapism, dystopia, and self luv

Showtunes are a hard limit I'm that type who would caringly look you in the eye and hold you tight... before I push you off a flying aircraft and then jump right behind you.
I'm one to dance with you shirtless til 6am, but still whip a mean homemade ice cream for your mom's birthday party.
I'd wrestle rough with your nephews, but play make up with your nieces.
Indeed a lady on the streets, but with the right connection... a hell of a freak under the sheets.

This is where you swipe right... Music & Makeup makes me happy Message me if you want...
cute.romantic.fun.cuddles.kisses.dates vegetarians preferred. Non cigarette smokers preferred.  Tell me something good   get ur mf flu shot Oh, but enough about me Netflix & Lill?? inst romakrupin Very outgoing person who let's autocorrect take care of the hard stuff. I love food, traveling...to Manhattan and my house and on occasion outside the city. Going out or staying in, both have are fun, but if we're going to stay in we better play some boardgames. Go with the flow personality, so let's go out and see where the current takes us.  

Chilean, 19, NYC

I actually listen to the bands on my T-shirts I love music, I create music,  extremely feminine and would love the opposite, say hi!  living in NYC I have never written anything here ...until now. I am ....shit this hard... Movies are cool people are cool. Art and shit is cool. Wanna go do something? Ok cool Young, dumb
63 if it matters

My anthem below is meant to be played while looking at the picture of me and the tree I'm a shorty whose favorite animal is an elephant  and I love to paint abstract art and drink lots of coffee hmu

 Shalom yall. NJB from the south looking for someone to open a corgi farm with. Preferably the corgis would be wearing bandanas and theyd all be named after different kinds of cheese like Colby or Cheddar but  open to suggestions. smart cooki Hi!
 Sakura.
19 years old.
 Japanese.
I staying NY from last September.
English is difficult for me..
Would you teach me English?
I can teach Japanese!! 
instagram: @emilyyjoelle Gemini
ENFP-T
62

My friend tried to use my phone number for their tinder and it deleted mine, so  back and better than ever

CAINNYC

Talk meme to me  Jess told me to
I'm really tall
Call me Annie pls
 Just looking for someone who has a dog I can play with i have a bad bunny attitude with ozuna feelings |  Come here often?  I like traveling and eating  I really like sandwiches. 

Wanna chill or go on a date?  ace so miss me with that sexual shit. 

The girl in the third photo and I are a package. We both like doing the same exact shit. If you invite me somewhere  prob inviting her too. 

 Sagittarius... Idk

I really like tea, reading, writing, and hanging out with cool people. (You could be one of those cool people too)

I do tarot reading for a nominal fee... but thats not the only reason  on here. Hmu I prefer my puns intended. +=

ENFP
LTR Oriented (Open to F&F)
 in

Music
Architecture
Marketing
Politics
Wellness

When I was younger I was pretty focused on building up a better version of myself, then suddenly the future came and I realized that I was a good person already, but not a truly happy oneNow all what I want to do is to be as happy as I can, trying not to quit being a good guy. Tough job in this current world

"ONLY THOSE WHO DARE TO DREAM ACHIEVE THE IMPOSSIBLE

& I wanna go to Caribbean Countries
I wanna get marrige soonor I just wanna  speak English.lol Dream the impossible dream :) 

Message me!!
Age is messed up musician, part time goth girl, full time dumb bitch.
my hair is half red now
 likes: independent bookstores, yoga, art, podcasts
dislikes: slow walkers Just a paranoid Android o yeah hey dog hey what's up.



can type 85 words per minute. Lover of 90s music, coffee, baking and NYC. Message me first and I might bake you cookies

Just a Pam looking for her Jim. im a vegan feminist but im like not annoying i promise 

bay area, california 

insta/ aaxna So... A few days in NYC

Lets hang out for a drink  Japanese mix but can't speak a word of 
 
A little shy, a little funny and a little tall.
Loves food but can't finish a plate, so more for you  (22) Actor/playwright. New to NYC, originally from LA. Triple Pisces   unreasonably short and from Minnesota so  nice or pure or something whatever who wants to ruin me and oh if you think Charles Bukowski is deep you can fuck off lmao China 12/16-1/3

NYC || Flatiron - Design | Hk - Sleep
Travel & Food (cant cook, just eat lol)
Fun, Friends, Chat, date Hoboken, NJ is home
Grew up near DC
Insta:@ianrobby

Into guy stuff like cars and gay stuff like penis

sorta career driven looking for sorta similar

Other interests include: bike riding, drinking too much, skiing, good movies, 

I alternate between bearded / clean shaven week to week OklahomaNew York Nursing Student. Years of experience in failed social interactions support me.

I'm au pair, so "go out at night" doesn't exist to me and 90% of the time my mood is "tired".

Probably better than you playing COD. 
Just saying. incredibly good looking AND funny. 

vegetarian, animal lover, and make-up enthusiast

Tell me your favorite type of water, yes this is important.

snap/insta: demnol I want someone to watch anime with, cook, or do portraits of. 
Hmu if you just want to be friends too

 Hey, classical musician here... Actually on here to get to know people and talk away from here.. Into gym sports and music e italiano anche. Looking forward to meeting some cool folks.

Tennis?  

Ask me about my pug

I'm not the cutest, but I'll try my best to make you smile 

SC: closingfeelings Healthcare | Good Food | Good Drinks | Good Company | Real Estate Agent The key to happiness is joy- Michael Scott Design, Architecture and Art
Aesthete 
Say Ciao
Not American eat ass, suck a dick, and sell drugs 
-john mulaney 
      -some homeless woman Probably taller than you but at least our kids wont get cut from varsity  Puppy pics are highly encouraged Not a boy, not yet a daddy.

Work as a meeting planner for a Pharmaceutical Company, travel a lot. NJ is home.

INFJ Do not trust my 'interests'
I keep seeing my friends on here... am I the only one? ig: sarinaalauren im never on here - instagram : emily_esvs1   

-Colombian, born in London, grew up in SoFlo, Living in Manhattan 
- Intellectuals > 
-  an open book Just Ask 
- Open Minded AF 
-  a bigger girl if thats not your cup of tea and  if you are into slim thick or smaller girls sorry  not that  fat so dont say I Diddnt tell you  if you dont like that dont bother swiping right :) thank you.
- Traveling for Dec.  then back to NYC in January Looking for a friend! know what you want and make your move. ig:eniarolll

taking a break brb Looking for the Ferris to my Sloane
Ig: madidiaz9 @allieeblackburn Just trying to exude the amount of false confidence straight white men do, except I actually know what  doing

Runner with a baseball problem

Beer girl til I die

Disney, distance running, dancing the night away  I  Books More Than People 

Just trying to eat someones food and watch them get mad because they just asked me if I wanted anything, and I said no  Colombian  
An energetic person who likes to socialize and meet new people. Single I do not smoke and I drink when  with people
 - Lets have an actual conversation. 
- Grad Student!

I know I look young, but  an old soul! Oh, and Senator, just one more thing: love your suit.

dates & escapes - but also long lasting and honest friendship would be lovely. 

Writer, designer, security analyst

If someone shows me another unsolicited Bezold/Voros futures cone  going to scream.

Just a post-human waterskin of care within the maelstrom. Looking for some down to earth easy going fun  people  a chill person  lets become billionaires together
  & 
Message me I dont bite  Not a creative director  but I am an interior designer who is over worked 
6'-3"

Youre doing amazing sweetie! 


We are both probably bottoms 

Turn offs include: guns, racism, sexism, transphobia, sociopaths and people who litter Brooklyn based illustrator / designer / cat negotiator 
Queens 

Ask me a question  Bills mafia  tell me about what movies youve seen recently, recipes youve cooked, or dogs youve seen 

Class of 21 @ UB Just moved to the city from Chicago and currently work in Fidi

Looking for someone to explore the city of with! **if youre into open relationships quickly swipe left, not looking for a hookup 

Jersey born & Raised 
Looking long term 
Dates are ideal  
Live in NJ work in NYC (FiDi) 
 59

IG: mello_drello i love to nap lol

East Village||nyc ** insert cheesy facts about myself **

Butter pecan Puertorican with a brunch & traveling problem! I run on wine & sarcasm Broke student just looking for a free meal pls help The Cindy Sherman of dating apps
From Colorado, Living in New York 5' 11"  Crown Hts  Pisces

Lo-fi sadboi to study/relax to Cant afford vibrator so here we are

 not  always here, PLEASE FEEL FREE TO MESSAGE ME ON INSTAGRAM. @bellasumm10
 Call me AJ

Born and raised in Puerto Rico, live in Brooklyn. 

5'8, Taurus, graphic designer, music video aficionado, art lover, concert goer, constant shopper, aspiring millionaire, psychedelically inclined, watermelon hater, dog person

Instagram: @arnaldojavier Snapchat: itsmabr 
Instagram: itsmabr Oxford Graduate, work in Finance (downtown), live in midtown.  friendly and spontaneous, looking for smart and cultured guys to date or fun! Ashlee Simpson apologist.

Interests include Voltaire, gay twitter, Sandra Oh, left-wing politics, tiramisu, movies, and Charli XCX. British bored and raised. Living in downtown Jersey City and working in Murray hill / park Ave. 

Pro Strings. 

Last google searches.
How many polar bears are in the wild? 
Will multiple AC units make room cooler? 
Best spicy margs NYC 

Always down for grabbing a beer, iced tea, or your pick of poison. 

No drugs.
A huge fan of; sailing, rugby, football, conversation, food, getting lost in new places, arts, coffee, hugs, gin.  a cat person. Tragic, I know. From NC, living in NYC. Looking for something more long term as opposed to hookups.

Swipe right if you want to meet a southern guy with a sense of adventure and love for margs and Guac. 

61 cause apparently thats a thing.  College Student who has more than just flesh lol. 

21 years old Greek Dominican 

Bronx is where I live... Manhattan is Home 

Dont have many expectations but maybe someone can make that happen 

Not into hookups 

Ig: opulence____ (thats 4 underscores) 
 not fit I got a lot of love in this body 

Currently Playing: Seven Wonders by Fleetwood Mac Hi 5'7 and 140lbs of pure entertainment 

I'm a musician and arts administrator specifically in music education and community engagement. I like to laugh, dance at random moments, and eat lots of food. I am also obsessed with my dog. 

Let's be friends! Curiosity is a necessity. Psychology major, skateboarding, writing and photography  Fashion student at Parsons. u guys wanna listen to mo bamba or sicko mode? Not looking for a hit & quit, dont ask looking for real connections Get to know me
Send me your best pickup line
Baby Drag Qween  catalina
Colombian
Transfeminine
IG: _catalinadoll Long Island 
Syracuse university 
Insta- lexac1 Instagram: nikkislambo Temple University
insta- gavinirons
if you look like frank ocean hmu NYC. I still quietly say Lefty loosey righty tighty. Into both kinds of IPA. Say hey, who knows?

5'10" 177cm
 Tunisian-American
 Chui francophone
 
 Mais ou menos I'm transgender ftm, and if you aren't accepting of that then dont bother messaging me. But  lo Very adventurous. 
Love chilling watching Netflix and smoking blunts
Snapchat: breannabitch123  just here to make some new friends. Please dont approach me for hookups. You will be ignored 
IG: fiercly_created 
Snapchat: fiercly_created I watched too many romantic comedies recently so here we are.

INFP, bookworm, nerdy but in a cool way. From Brisbane
Living in Melbourne 
Currently in NYC 

Could use a tour guide, or a tour guide could use me - honestly not phased 

21  
IG: @galea.erin
: eringerin

Never trust a guy wearing hats in all his flics... he may be bald 

If you cant make conversation Name is pronounced like the drink Alize. Fashion influencer, Aquarius, obviously takes a lot of selfies lol.
Instagram - Alexzesheard Lommelerken min er kulere enn din tacos  hoasca or what Tattoo, Harry Potter, dive bar, and whiskey sour enthusiast  Afro-Latina 
 Pentecostal 
 Just your regularol NYC chick  54
Pretty Nice Pretty Sweet
If you swipe right, you gotta say hi 
Geeky and Nerdy with a hint of crazy lol
History Major
:estebanascencio Nia del sol de tarde y de las canciones viejas Get you a fire Latina 

Bears, beets, Battlestar Galactica Old Movies
Beer
Whiskey
Classical Musician
I know all the lyrics to "Promiscuous"
Blanche Devereaux if you know connan mockasin please superlike me IMMEDIATELY!

if you can guess what my tattoos are you win BBC -> Beijing Born Chinese
RPI     &    UMich grad
NYC    AA
Not very good at messaging first
Love cats and have 6 Java sparrows
My accent goes with whoever I speak to
 Might be too drunk to hang, but never too drunk to bang

Dads love me I'm an actress currently studying at the New York Film Academy New to NYC my dick is 53 but dont let that scare u

@igdaddie  If you ever speak to me in Spanish, please use the formal "usted". Dear Potential Mates:

My ears are disproportionately small, and  not very strong or fast, but I have an impeccable immune system, good teeth, and perfect eyesight. 

If interested, please message me with your favorite book, movie, place, and cereal. 21, 5'11,Restaunteur, Filipino , Wanderer, Dreamer, Explorer,
Love to read books, Dogs, Tea, Looking for something real, Picky. 

Say "Hi" on me. 

(P.S  using Tinder passport to meet and Explore people around the globe. My current location now is in Bahrain Nobody know maybe tomorrow i will be in your country).

 I'm a good listener , fluent in sarcasm and memes.


 Lover of books, dancing, movies, culture, and music. Traveler and Social Worker wannabe. Instagram @michaelamoyn Hi.

@berger_king3  I need some one to relize on  wanna marry

Hi guys  here for searching someone who love each other 
My name is Baitong 
 a yogi 
#btm 
 looking for long term relationship 
!! Foodie from Melbourne who's down to make new mates 

Will be in NY from 12/01-13/03, please send recommendations 

Also patting a shiba is the closest thing to heaven #changemymind 
 Big titties, big heart 
 Add me on Snapchat: KellyBlonde98 - I'm not on Tinder much.  Post-grad at an international tech company.
Nerd, gamer, stoner, & foster of cats and dogs.
Passion for equality and sensible drug policy.
Excellent in the kitchen as well; make me cook for you.
Here to meet guys, maybe go on a date, maybe find a jerk off bud. I'm easy going, so let's see where our conversation leads. I just want a serious relationship from this.  tryna love someone and be loved in return. Chunky Latina  

Dont match me if we aint gonna talk I smoke cigarettes, I used to drink too much, I'm not over my last relationship, and I'm ready to mingle Live in NYC
Work in finance/banking There are 8 wonders of the world if you count Tom Brady!  @camillejohn_ Responds well to dry humor & bad puns. Go birds.  

@holabohla Still waiting for Starbucks to bring back the unicorn frap (or is it frapp?) ...

 Just moved to Hoboken, whos giving me a tour?

I just need someone to protect me from the scary things in life like horror movies and empty mac and cheese bowls 

Last picture is my face when you say you like oatmeal raisin cookies... Ideal date: go to dinner, hypothesize about Beyonc's next album. Go see a show on Broadway, share our critiques and then find a bar for a drink. Preferably gin.

Or something else, I'm not that particular

Also looking for a roommate in Manhattan. HMU if you're interested. Nice Jewish boy. Cat dad. Civil liberties lawyer/advocate. Slytherin. Wearer of pink on Wednesdays. Singer of Backstreet Boys at karaoke.

"I believe that all anyone really wants in this life is to sit in peace and eat a sandwich." -- Liz Lemon I like books and endless amounts of coffee. I am costume designer so if you need me to sew a button back on, I got ya.  What's your favorite pizza topping?  Originally Palestinian, agnostic, into good music, writing and sports, and Ill do just about anything to get a good laugh out of someone!  also into the occasional philosophical and existential debate come @ me. Say hi
@jaquelyn120 Just browsing the local talent 

Insta: __kkirkby Fight me

IG: reallyryann_ 19 not 22 
Christian Mingle - throwdatassinaprayercircle69
We not spitting in 2018 we swallowing all 2019  new york

Snippet: grew up in California and finished grad school in London then eventually moved to New York. I currently work in media/advertising.


5'6 in case you were wondering. Insta : AmberrrMorgan 
Snap : Amber_Morgan15 

Italian,Czech, and Irish if anyones asking. 
If I dont answer right away  most likely taking a nap, watching Netflix, cuddling my dog, eating food, or at a rehearsal I am a women who never settles for less. My main focus is continue pursing school to become a lawyer. For the most part, I graduated from college and obtained my bachelors degree and working on getting my masters.

If your looking for 3 sums,  hookups or fun please dont hit me up thanks. I forgot to add I dress how I like so if it bothers dont bother me. At the end of the day just accept for who I am as a person and not what I have on. Birddogs, suits, and well-dressed frat boys get my goat...

Looking for guys who are low-key, multifaceted and are experts in something that I'm not. Into the outdoors, theatre, movies, and the finer things in life. Also... muscles.


6'2" swimmer (actually a swammer)

 FiDi/Battery Park City
 Meatpacking District FR/ENG Just text me if you wanna know who I am Actor/Tutor new to NYC artist. digital marketer by day. 

interests include psychology, mysticism and alchemy.

ich lerne  davor umziehe ich nach Berlin, und suche Deutsche fr Unterhaltung I thought this app would teach me how to start a fire. -Barre Instructor
-Professional Dancer
-NBA fan
-Music lover
-Proud Gryffindor 
-Used to travel for a living

I laugh at my own jokes so you dont have to! -Looking for every reason to travel this big world 
-Portland, Oregon native 
-New York livin'
-Foodie and avid coffee drinker--keen to join me for a cup of coffee? 
-Latin Ballroom dancer 
-Parle franais &  -
-Aspiring linguist suffering from a bad case of Wanderlust EN / FR
6'
New York Native
Aquarius

I have an adorable Jack Russell terrier
Prefers tea over coffee
I have no idea what Myers-Briggs is
I also have no idea what soul cycle is               I hate giving out my number Hit me on sc :  ryisom Outspoken 
Creative  
Curvy. 

From the mountains and forest of Patagonia, Argentina. 

420 and Art Making.  an architect and set designer. Creative types with dizzying intellects and drinking abilities are invited to drop me a line. So is everyone else, actually.

Most of my time is spent operating the Pearl Street Shelter for Battered Indie Gays.

 German, but aspiring to be American. Geek Guy 
Brasil  What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?
SUPPLIES! 

Mechanical engineering
Air Force
 I don't really see the point in matching with people just to not talk to them  Dancer, reader, nacho eater. Yogi, writer, injustice fighter. I just want a bf 
Insta: _chloeeng Give me food and memes and Ill give you my heart

Ill bake you your favorite cake  NYC  a nuclear physicist. This year I drank over $1000 of liquor in Japan alone. 420 friendly


Equinox?
511

I bleached my hair.... Let me be your ammunition in the war of love.. NYC 63 62                                                                   Rap and pasta 
IG: @marcusbadlose Amateur mug collector.
Kinda short.
I like to laugh.
Perpetually cold.
Affinity for baseball caps.
I'm well-known for bursting into tears whenever I see a dog (in a cool way).

Top 5 movies: The Breakfast Club, Labyrinth, The Dark Knight, Singin' in the Rain, and Good Will Hunting. 

Please quote vines at me.  Actually 21

Ig: ashleymarissa_ Shuffle dancer, reader, writer, artist, lawyer, and doer of absurd things. Seattleite. Whiskey goblin. No poker face. Looking for my lobster (you?). follow my dogs Instagram Honestly such a catch but also got my mental health from the toilet store

Moving back to London in February!

62  Tired and orange. coffee and booze loving witch.  Very spoopy.
sc: scottmovesalot1
Polyamory is a thing I do.
 Do. Or do not. There is no try (but you can shoot your shot if youd like)
-Yoda
Follow me on my new insta @elenimouukas ! i would tell you here... but then whats the point? hope we match  Designer/artist living in Brooklyn and working in fintech. 55.  looking for transparency and a positive attitude. I dont live my life with restrictions and neither should you. Just moved to NYC. I like books and beer live in Brooklyn, work in fashion 

looking for something casual sag

 Soo I dunno maybe if I write some sentences in here Ill seem like better dating material? 

 a really nice guy aside from the occasional mean mugging selfies I do...

Back in school spring 2019 finishing up my masters which I took a brief break from. Looking for someone to help me keep my sanity as I do that... 

Work in downtown NYC

Instagram @ Johnnynap

Dates, friendships, a relationship eventually is what  after over something now. 
bad communicator Insta: mayammelamed
Cond Nast professional loser of sunglasses and outdoor shower enthusiast _()_/ NYC
Work in FiDi, live in Brooklyn 
Drexel graduate. Young professional.
If we match lets talk, lets grab a drink.
Colombian  American 

Instagram: notjaime1 From Melbourne, living in NYC.  7 ft. actually 80. I like to paint and make sculptures...
In NY for a week. Looking for someone to hangout with and explore the local art scene. Houston NYC 
Apple enthusiast. I love music, going out to eat &dance, and sharing memes/tweets

Frank Ocean and Sam Smith are everything to me. Dont get me wrong, I love my Latin reggae mix. 
Un Taurito  

Laughter is Life.
'18 Grad from The Kings College, BS Finance
I like Suits. Sometimes. 
You better know how to ice skate, or be open to trying. 

I want someone to treat me like the King of Genovia. BUT 

I'm also on here to meet new people, so don't be afraid to message me! 

22 not 23* Tell me something I dont know                                                     Also I like big words Honestly I love to FUCK

F eel love in my heart 
U nify disparate parties 
C ry while listening to jazz
K iss my grandma exchange student from Japan
just looking for friend

Art / Fashion / Design / Otaku culture

Instagram: @john.the.pigeon Hi. "I'm drinking on an empty stomach"
I respond, "I wish I was drinking on an empty stomach."

Bourbon on ice; rye old fashions

6' 4" blue eyed southerner.
From small-town Arkansas, living in NYC Easily pleased by soft cheeses, comedy shows, swimming and Bojack Horseman  Idk about you but Ive never seen a wizard on Waverly Place Caught in a bottle of right and wrong.
Snap & insta: darjgonz Division 1 gymnastics on the club level

Biomedical Engineering 

Lets get this bread Graduate student
Into anything about Ithaca
Enjoy hiking and savoring food, particularly asian cuisines.
Interested in international politics, higher education, and discount offers Scottish, European, British :D  Investment banker. Just moved from London to NYC  Love traveling (as much as planning) adventures, food, fitness, reading and healthy living. A medium plus if you're interested in spy TV shows, movies, books and etc but not required. LTR oriented (one can dream at least, right?) but friends are welcome too.

5'9" 
Pretty Nerdy. 
INTP writer/editor

into words, art, and fun 

dont have notifications so U CAN!!! ALSO!!  DM!!! ME!!!! ON INSTA IF U WANT!!! @drewzeiba Let's share moments together and live till we can't live anymore

@justq.lifestyle Work in SoHo, live in the Upper East Side. Have a wide range of interests. I like good conversations so chat with me to find out more!

Swipe left if youre a trump supporter or party animal. If your sweater isnt made out of husband material, thank u next. Radical, queer feminist writer and journalist who loves to scream about feminist politics, continually mourn David Bowie and pretend like its 1977.

Just moved to NY for 3 months & working in magazine journalism. Looking for other queers to drink wine with & show me the city. 

Journalism, Gender & Sexuality Studies Ex-contemporary dancer, present Game of Thrones enthusiast.

Art/Lit geek. I order the club sandwich all the time and im not even a member

ig : jessicatrifilio best way to reach me is Instagram: Keith.glidewell Ill be your favorite brown girl  Just looking for a funny guy Hold on to your butts cause this is gonna be a wild ride. (Ps  not here to yuck your yum, just like my blood type,  trying to be positive!!) show me that old old new york 

(last pic could be us) Love animals, food, adventure and trying new things CA > NY. History major. Just be interesting enough to hold a conversation and maybe get a laugh in NYU19. Insta: @henryjhahn  go jags

In search of the best taco in the world  Why six afraid of seven? Anyone wanna grab a burrito with me and let me talk about science? 
...Pizza will also work I love cultures, I speak English, Spanish and Portuguese 
I want to learn French 
(Looking who can help me to learn it) I need to visit CANADA this year...
I play the clarinet and I'll learn saxophone now  I like choir music
Physical therapist in process  :):) I like my men like I like my coffee: fuckin weird 20 year old Libra                                           
Looking for friends and/or people who wanna date lol. English/Espaol
Swipe right if you wanna play Smash w me or if you just wanna smash  Lost my lighter, looking for matches.
Aussie Abroad  studying Bird Law
Leener21 i snort when i laugh too hard
boba, bagels & boozy brunches
new york  singapore
@knottedbrains // @knottedvisuals
((not about the hookups ))) uconn 2021

perpetually sleepy 

i wish soulja boy would crank that killing me instantly Snark. Sarcasm. Loads of charm  Just an Aussie girl exploring America Tell me a secret you've never told anyone before.


@bigioooo  19 not 20
Take me out?
wishing i was somewhere warm 
NYC girl

Ignore my fb interests lmao The only way to be beautiful is to be loving. Otherwise its just congratulations about your face. 
I prefer the company of humble, compassionate and grounded souls
Family first
Boxing, yoga, local eats, new adventures
If youre not a dog person, SWIPE LEFT 
Not interested in ONS Photographer
Empath
tall!
From gator land
Raising my dog son Can't think of a bio but my dog just walked into a parked car and set the alarm off at 1:30 AM (I have gotten numerous requests to see said dog so check my fifth picture)

You can call me Taydrick Lamar, GiGi Taydid or even Post Taylone. Taylor works too.

Watch practical Jokers with me so I know its real Insta : gaellederaeve
Belgian girl in Cali 
SBCC <3 hi i love my dog Newly single  ENFP   the guy dancing between sets  Vers boys have the most fun  decidedly not into the scene. 

I think my interests pulled in from Facebook? Yikes. If we match ask for SC  / IG  

Raised in North Jersey (best part of NJ) 
That means Wawa is  

Into people with genuine, real personalities. No one fake, or will take someone for granted 

Love : gym , Plant-based, adventures , current events , and 

: House of Cards, Veep, Shameless, Shark Tank, Designated Survivor, Westworld, VICE, South Park, Colony, The 100, Handmaids Tale, sense8, Secret City, Pine Gap, Ingobernable, Okkupert, Marseille, Versailles and mor Would rather meet than chat for a lifetime.
ES | EN | FR | IT | DE | GR

5'10" If you see something suspicious, say something suspicious Ari
need me a regular ting - no strings 

good food and good weed are the way to my heart  

dont waste my time 
@ari_duhhs Lover of the arts, nature, exploration, and  they + them 
taurus w a libra moon nd sag rising  From west coast to east coast.

Gemini if that matters. Body Painting, Special Effects Artist. Here to see what's out there I guess. @zachzenga for everything.

Lost 90 lbs a year ago Lawyer.  Vegetarian.  ISFJ-T.  57. *working in NYC 7-14th Jan*
 Dan. Work for the BBC in music and events. Live in south london. Love coffee, negronis, gym, walks, gigs, festivals and clubs. Gin for the win 

Down to take things slowly, unless were playing Mario Kart, in which case I hope youre a good sport about losing 

 Adam Scott
 Michael Scott

Originally from Hawaii, live in Red Hook 

Graphic designer
Photographer
Climber
Enchilada enthusiast

IG @yeahthisisben

57 I intend to live forever-- so far so good

Actor. Dancer. Singer. Life Enthusiast

Fitness Instructor at Switch Playground

Yoga, dance, fitness, staying active.

World traveler. (Mostly for work...) 

Live in Sunnyside, Queens 

All the socials are @omgitzfern

Sometimes bearded, sometimes not... I'm 6'2, if you must... Height is not important. Taller is better, but so is shorter 

EN/SP/PT/FR 

Hablo Espaol 
Falo Portugus 
Je parle Franais en peu

 Entice me. Egenfretagare, mngmiljonr, gift med tv barn & mytoman freezing Cali native new to NYC

unlearning hella and adopting deadass

fuck oxford commas

ig: rolanflournoy

 just looking for my ross geller

tampa to nyc 

& go bolts U of I '18
Kpop. League. Survivor. Netflix. ENFP. Anything else, I'm an open book.

Just started watching the Harry Potter movies  Middle eastern  Bio major  
Dm me on insta cause I barely go on here. Insta : Aleenaj96 one in collision with the universe
I'm 20
I downloaded this cuz I be bored
 a Libra therefore it is in my nature to be a hopeless romantic & to change my hairstyle every other day 
But if you trying to talk about emotional traumas and the reasons why you are the way you are  or trying to get to know me or you just want a friend you can cyph with is me u been looking for 
 not trynna fuck u so dont try it
I loveeee snakes and frank ocean 
Follow me on instagram: channylittleflame just a gal looking for her seth rogen tbh Aquarius  Insta: mairead_doyle8  IG: @pollyirungu Whats good..? If you like TALL girls than you like me ! I like to have fun and make ppl laugh! Tall, tattooed, terrible

Bushwick, BK Business major 
 uhhh yeah i sure hope it does  Italian  in NYC. It was either this or The Bachelor. Guess what ethnicity I am Actually 19**
Follow the gram: Ericaa.wu
I have blue hair now lol 55, UNL 17.5, jersey city raised and just moved back. If you like tequila thats a plus  nyc The peanut is neither a pea nor a nut.
The chickpea is neither a chick nor a pea.
Ralph Fiennes is spelled neither rafe nor fines.
Duran Duran is neither a Duran nor a Duran.
The Italian neo realist movement in film was neither Italian nor neo nor particularly realist.

Discuss.

 Hey! I'm a psychology student going into my last semester. Here to meet and hang out with new people.  Don't be afraid to message me!  

from upstate nyalive in manhattan

interested in: treehouses, trapeze, yoga, bourbon, cold brew, diagrams, wallpaper, plants, edison bulbs, fine art, puns and pins

is: passionate, okay at math, ENFJ

beliefs: money can create taste

.:. PUSSY POWER

Fuck what you had, Ill give you what you deserve - r.h. Sin

Travel influencers, fashionbloggers, mentors lets connect &create something breathtaking! 
    
               Stimulate my mind 

                   SadGirl Spoil Me

       Looking for my #SexintheCityGang 
                    Queer Friends plz 

If you dont take care of your beard or hair I cant fuck with you.  sorry, not sorry.



           WubbaLubbaDubDub BITCH! live in brooklyn, work in soho

donuts r my kink

creator @brunchclubmag

(i dont purposely super like) NYC for the week lets do something Work & live in NYC 

Interests include traveling, the beach, tacos, politics, technology etc. etc. tag me in subtle asian traits so i know its real BFA Musical Theatre Major/Music Minor

 and ENTJ

I'm the kind of guy who likes to make art out of nothing

I play the piano pretty often

Professional musical theatre nerd as well as a computer gamer and board game collector 19 ~ My hair is like a lions mane of curls and i love hiking, harry potter and weed CT - NYC


 My perfect day: 
a leisurely breakfast
outdoor activities 
jamming out with great people
Love to be out on the water, hosting a party, late night DJ sessions, or a bike around town. Just chilling around the house, ordering pizza and vegging out is heaven too! I travel almost as much as I work out. MIA>CHI>NYC
Leo 6'0  @diamondchopsticks  living in 

@franmpark Curiosity killed the cat. Thankfully  not a cat, or I would most definitely be dead by now. 

Chicago girl who now spends the majority of her time in Los Angeles. Camel-riding, hot chocolate-drinking, museum-going, hike-taking amateur explorer. (I just got back from a semester abroad, so yeah.  that girl now.) 

What book changed how you view the world? In town for Basel and NADA Miami.
Come check my booth out!
Native New Yorker. Creative Director/Gallery Owner/Art Consultant. 
Aries 
Cap rising 
 mom
420. Wine. Cocktails. Another Aussie lost in the city  No glitches, plug me in and flip some switches. Dont talk to me unless your prefrontal cortex is fully developed 

Washed up D1 athlete 

Neuroscience  Creative-Adventurous-Minimalist-
Also,  weird, can ya dig it?

Favorite Album rn: Testing-A$AP Rocky

Favorite NYC food: 

Artist, Designer of sorts, Hip-Hop Enthusiast  pretty shy when it comes to new people, but once I get to know you I wont shut up. 

Animation major!
I love old movies and eating cheese. (Kinda unrelated but its true) Add my Snapchat for a faster response. Username is hananakamura

Can out drink you. Dont even try ;)

Ignore the name on the profile. Messed up somehow. Names Hana lifes a party and im the piata NYC via LA, Seattle, San Luis Obispo and San Jose.

In one sentence I am looking for someone to do cute things with.

Travel, wine, volleyball, board/card/video games, free chips and salsa with unlimited refills

61 / @itsalwaysdouglas Sometimes you learn whose really there for you and whose not...

iDANCE. Grad student at NYU 

Chill guy whos trying to meet someone cool and respectful.

Love to travel and experience different cultures.

Always down for a drink or coffee

Hit me up if you wanna know more. If you cant generate a statistical estimator for a sample population and compute its conditional distribution under the null hypothesis dont even THINK about swiping right 

Iced cortado with oat milk if it gets to that Just looking for someone to fuck...ing kill me philosophy major
fashion
alt r&b
recruiting for my girl gang nyc snatched my melanin 
recently blonded
eng |  Language and Mind student. I like Romance languages, and romance. Sorority sis and service frat bro. Sometimes I pretend  Italian. Member of the Finer Things Club. swipe left if u like the government lol
mexican 
scorpio sun
libra moon
gemini rising people tell me im the young steve harvey.
if you have candid selfies. die.                                
love- big smiles, big noses. 
Lower East Side.  pretty busy 24/7 
Dont double text me 
But let me know if you wanna get drunk with me  A special ed teacher struggling her way through grad school. 

Hit me with your cheesiest pickup lines. photographer in NYC
say hi   Very cool very smart very gorgeous gal and did I mention HUMBLE  a lot of fun Proud plant mama lookin to grab coffee and check out art exhibits! Swipe right if interested Cognitive science enthusiast 
Find someone who loves croissants as much as you do 

Chicago | Paris | NYC 

NYC -> Paris  tu_addiction16
IG : olvynz Bi, poly, kinky, lots of feelings about all of the above. 

Currently in an ethically non-monogamous relationship, but this profile is just for me.

Always down for fried potatoes or a good breakfast sandwich, and some sort of gin cocktail. 
 First year law student in NYC.
Cornell 17. NYC. 
I tell stories for a living. 
Always enjoy an adventure
Learning about myself through traveling. 
It never costs anyone to be a good person. Looking for friends and dates.
I love reading and I also connect well with those who love reading as well.
I love traveling to different places, meeting new people and trying different kinds of food.
I also love hiking, running and swimming.
If we get matched, don't hesitate to say hi. New to the city, show me around.
wouldn't be opposed to coffee dates or lunch.
Junior at SU I'm Shipping Up to Boston by the Dropkick Murphys is the greatest hype song ever, don't deny it.

LOVE dogs, science and design. Studying chemical engineering. Date/relationship oriented. I'm looking to meet people in real life--talk to me to find out more :)

6'2" Alexa, swipe right
My sum total of adulting knowledge is all from cooking and baking competitions 
Studied architecture and computer science  

 Recent NYU grad with a paralyzing fear of wasps. What more could you want? ask dominican
lets chat if you dont know the Fresh Prince theme song by heart, dont even bother  looking for making new friends...even long distance friendship -Former US Marine.  single and ready to fucking mingle.
- 62 tall and weigh 225lbs.  tall, thick and athletic.
-Owner of a fantastic dad bod.
- Employed. Have my own vehicle(s) and my own place.  a damn adult.
-Travel often. Domestically and internationally. Wanna come with?
-From MD. Distance isnt an issue for me. I dont mind driving or flying to you.
-If youre interested in friends, fun and amazing sex swipe right and say hi.
- a big spoon, duh.

Talk soon! Slim sporty Brit/Euro. Semi smart, single and inquisitive. Here for university. If we match say hi and message me x SF  NYC

 I swing like a pendulum: I go both ways. 

Biomedical informatician gone wild.
Somerset Maugham is my shit.

I get excited about happy hour, but even more excited about buying home goods on Amazon.

Dog walker. Cat mother.

Looking for something as casual and emotionally unavailable as I am. I was bored . Add the snap a1_rivera Would you like soup or salad with your entree? 
Colombian 
Honestly dont know what the fuck  doing on here 
Easy going, love music, singing, traveling, and meeting new people among other things lol.
Always down to cyph and go out 
 ig : saylo._
 sc: salamander_24 Looking for a little fun in Delco Hmu for some fun  Will beat you in Bananagrams I love scary movies, pizza, and puppies. Tell me your birthday, I like zodiac signs.

Don't be too serious and don't be mad if I don't take anything serious. Let's just vibe and figure it all out later. BTTM  a stranded shrimp man living on your planet, using Tinder as a means to learn more of the human race through social interaction. I take appearance of a boy with advanced tech to prevent scaring other humans. Match with me, and theres a chance I will ask you for uranium to power my spaceship. Take me out? Ill be that individual who sings on car rides and draws weird shit in your notebook. Make me a bald eagle grilled cheese sandwich, 4x4 animal style, marinated in tears of the cherokee. are you down doing things that you never tried before? Well tbh I'm looking for a partner doing films and if you're down feel free to check and message me on instagram>>rednancy28

Forever jamming to music & tryna find people with pretty teeth
PS. If I super liked you, 99% of the time, it was on accident 
Oh, and thats my godchild  We may be a match if you think Maid in Manhattan is underrated 

Native New Yorker
EMT
Doctoral student
50% white 50% Latino, 100% tiger  meow 
62

Sudamericano, Latino, Paulista is a +
English, espaol, portugus Lawyer. Avid traveler. Sports fan. Decent cook. Better baker. Even better ice cream maker. Gamer. Skier. Bad tennis player.

True love is a man understanding when I ditch him for a shorter single rider line at Disneyland. oof Small town boy living in New Haven. Yale junior. Aspiring to pioneer the world of autism research and write TV shows in my spare time. Currently just eating too much fast food. May not go down in history, but will go down on you I'll be your tinderfella if you be my tinderella 

BS in physics and premed 

Two moods: Loud person in the bar dancing  or in my bed watching Netflix  

Also I show my love for people with the term "bae" 

Make weekly catchphrases and you'll probably adopt some of them cause I only speak in them. New to NYC, come explore with me instagram: Nikomagz My spirit animal is a baby elephant  whats the move ? IG @livvantuno 6'1

I'm a hip old granny who can hip hop, bee bop, dance till you drop, and yo yo make a wicked cup of cocoa. Make me laugh, but dont be a creep Also accepting new friends, 65% of the time I would prefer that. Social media, great food, comedy shows, coffee, photography and Beyonc. 
Check out IG: @alexzeko for more photos and digital representation of my lifestyle. Insta: scottiebutler Nasty Woman working to beat the patriarchy while drinking red wine, traveling, and petting dogs.

Tell me about your favorite music.

59 with no heels  Moderately stubborn, mildly funny, with a pinch of sass. Thoroughly enjoys witty banter.

In search of a Chandler Bing. Whats the last movie you watched?

Leo Sun, Virgo Rising, Scorpio Moon  

Hiking is my fav pastime, kayaking is also pretty fun, make me popcorn and youll have my heart.  a pretty big fan of country music.  probably traveling, but from Kelowna, BC. 

Snapchat- Savana.bennett Irish in NYC.
Work in advertising. Curious Just a thick girl trying to make it out here

Heard a rumor that Trevor Noah was on this app, but  open to alternatives GOOGL THIS:  ZOYA33SEX mexico city 12/28 - 1/2 
@itsmachohnson "i'm very small and i have no money so you can imagine the kind of stress that i am under"

music journalist in a committed relationship w her humidifier

that one snl sketch about weezer discourse is the most represented i've ever felt in media capricorn. korean. 5'0 lol. into memes and social justice. I like to draw and hang out with my cat 
message me so I know you meant to swipe 20 but actually 200
actor/musician/artist
buy me food and ill probably eat it
banter goddess One day I will run this city
Fashion, art, and music take up most of my life
Coffee, dogs and wine make my heart happy

NYC / Long Island native a simple girl. Dont disrespect me and Ill be the same with you. Love gaming. Check the link in the bio of my instagram for YouTube videos. Lets get to know one another!

Insta: @alittleteapawt Bushwick. Graphic Designer. 

Seeking someone to flip houses with on a HGTV reality show. Be down for adventures and be able to recommend a place to eat.

6'2"  IG: @spencer_design.indd Here for entertainment purposes Not really looking for hookups, would prefer dates and friends and seeing where it goes from there. 

I work in FiDi, live in Washington Heights.

Enjoy a lot of different things, theatre, art, drinks, movies. 

Let's go to bottomless brunch and see who can drink more in two hours Looking for a big dick shemale to experiment with. NJ is home, work in NYC. Brunch, travel, hiking, clever people, and gin are some things I enjoy. 

I say fight me to way more people than seems practical.

I'm 6'3" if that helps. I am a reincarnated Cinderella (not Tinderella). Looking for my  prince Charming here :).

New in Vancouver, looking for interesting people to meet and hang around.

People who are looking for one night stand please don't waste their time, swipe me left.

Typing lovers avoid me please. I don't have time for texting!

I can't live without three things - food, dance and love.

And offcourse singing ;)

 IG @no.onii

Just looking for dope new friends 
No shallow people pls save me the headache
I'm an Garfield, love lasagne and head pats



 Above average wedding date I love food 
52 An Afro-Latinx queer into theatre, film, photography, traveling, etc etc etc

Making vine references over homemade cookies is the way to my heart. Lookin fo a baby daddy Send me ur dog pics (only)!!!
Just down to chat Princess in training No such thing as being over dressed.  

 San Diego -> New York. Lets grab a drink and adventure the city! I dont even know why I made this.



Enjoy the same discomfort this image brought me  Just checking this out , looking to hang. Berkshires MA to BK NY transplant

Designer & Illustrator //  enthusiastic about beer and sci-fi and any combination of the two. 

I also have two slightly dented black cats named Montesquieu and Popeye. just a lizard in a human costume  funny and chill. Real down to earth and truthful. New York City  
Precious is my middle chinese name () 
No commitment or strings attached please!
Talk talk  
Looking to flirt around and play 
I love hitting the gym! Movies, beach walks, and strolls are some of my favorite dates! Boba!! 
Business Major  My friends say the first picture doesnt make me look like a real account so Ive added a couple more Renaissance man...anything else you want to know inquire within... I love books, food, and traveling!  also very much a nerd and enjoy science fiction and fantasy shows and comic books. Cuban/Irish.introvert, budfriendly. athletic, favor tennis &swimming over all. looking for someone of substance. interested in sum fun too friends, hang out. if you dont have pic of self i wont answer or block. Medelln, Colombia. 
Costume design student / amateur photographer / social media / philanthropy / 
1.84 height 

[] Man, it must hurt to say hi. Vermonter, napper, maple syrup connoisseur

Strengths: quickly befriends other people's pets, folds shirts super well, is a total pun machine

Weaknesses: has little self-control around lasagna, is easily lost, needs help reaching the top shelf, dances like Drake I'm not superstitious, but I'm a little stitious. Here for memes Why wouldn't you swipe right on me?  Only  into dates and please no bottoms .. mental health counseling grad student If you are looking for an adventure then I am your man.
Drug free
Author
Musician 
Model
Fitness minded 
World traveler 
Christian 
Dog person 
Classical modern gentleman
I love to cook
Play and watch sports
Talk to me about anything you want, please have hopes, dreams, ambitions and goals, not for me but for yourself. We are given one chance to live as healthy, freely and morally as we can, let's take full advantage of that opportunity  Lat 
Hmu lol be weird better than boring
420 sc: sam_snyderman Recently moved to Washington Heights

If you enjoy eating cheese and bacon we should get along just fine

No expectations
Be yourself

Barista
Artist where my temple run fans at? Just moved to the city, lets explore  I make ok decisions and I miss Obama Project manager working for the city downtown.  Native New Yorker trying to make sense of it all.

I like to consider myself as someone who's pretty easy to talk to, so feel free to chat me up.

5' 10" because...it matters, right?

Red Starburst?  Mine. no drama club.

i eat pizza hawaii
Berliner Luft makes me happy :))
if you care; 175cm

aboutselina_      queer. poly. fat. femme. traveler (i work in travel, its not just one of those tinder things). civil rights law nerd (not an attorney). plant mom.

i love to eat & not just because im fat. lets go to a top chef-owned/michelin-starred restaurant.

here to meet cute body-positive/sex-positive queers/humans of all kinds. not here just to fuck but fucking is fun too.

dont message me if youd be embarrassed to date me/introduce me to yr friends. cheesy pickup lines are cute IG:Fergusie Before you ask, it's pronounced "wee-yum. 


I'm pretty short so if you can help me reach the high shelves that's a plus.

lower east side **not my kids**
Associates Degree  Bachelors Degree        Masters Degree 
Work in Admissions at a Community College          Social Coordinator for the Mountaineers RFC
Love for sports- watching and playing 
           Rugby, Basketball, Hockey, Football 
             .           .           .          . 
Love .   mom. Country girl meant to live in the  
Snap- maryssa.romeo 
Instagram- ryss27
Ask me anything. What can I say 6"1", working in NYC for Siemens (feel free to make a joke)  Nothing better then traveling somewhere new. Looking for some new friends to go out with and have fun! 

Not sure why Spotify thinks those are my top artists, but no. 
 Instagram: anniefinberg "The girl who lives there used to be a charming, lovely girl, but she's lost faith in herself. She's a monster! She's infectious human waste! Good luck trying to save her. the only men i like are bobby hill, noam chomsky, & sufjan stevens

not interested in anyone who's in a committed relationship 

- gemini sun - virgo moon - libra rising - IG: @sabchung Marie. Issa Vibe. Lets adventure. 

55 , Bisexual , 19 Yrs Old. 

Snapchat: Magesticqueer 
Start a conversation with me. 
(Hmu on snap WITH a picture, Ill respond quicker. I will NOT respond unless you send a picture)

Cyph and conspiracy theories? 

Friendly but blunt .

Lets get schwiftyyyyy. 

NOT LOOKING FOR HOOKUPS  Just searching someone to walk around A perfect weekend day for me is spent reading in the park. I'm impressed by intellect, a good sense of humor, and shared values more than an extravagant dinner date.

Speak to me in English, German, or French. My French is just ok, but I'll do my best to keep up! Cash app me 5$ so Ik its real IG @mulinesia Lets get tacos and watch Disney movies
press me with your political knowledge.  not easily impressed. 
 Was once asked to take a selfie with two girls who said I looked like the glowy kid in Disney Channel's Sky High

  ,    ...     .    .    .    . Puerto Rican & Italian  
51.. yes,  short  
I enjoy cracking jokes/match my humor 
I love fun dates with spontaneous people
Reverse Catfish
I loveeeee guys who take initiative  IG: Datastemaker
Style enthusiast 
Creative 
Thrill seeker  fight me 



they/them Will strongly consider swiping right if you are Awkwafina. 
- I do stuff with apps. (Not appetizers)
- Also  stuff
- Definitely taller than you, unless I'm not, in which case this. is. awkward...
- Super awkward, unhinged, and weird. Dont expect me to be suave. I am not shampoo.
- I consume 4 Beyond Burgers a day.
- EXP on   
- WNYC/KPCC or nothing else. hit it and quit it A tale as old as time...
At the very end of the porno you hear the Mormon daddy whisper to the just-been-gang-banged twink, "You did awesome - I know you were sick" 
Beauty & the Priest 




Honey, I'm home!




Welcome home, dear.

Dah dah!
 
Not now, kids. Daddy's taking a naked selfie. #GayMenParenting (If it comes to that) I even have a fridge that has the water on the door like with the crushed ice. 63 160lbs 
I like to go on actual dates and get to know people. please dont swipe right if youre not going to engage in some form of conversation. down to earth, enthusiastic, and artistic top looking for dates, friends, and creative partners.  (Please no partnered guys) Brasil Sp  18 anos, solteiraaa, quero conhecer pessoas novas Outgoing, 90s inspired. Tell me a joke about yourself. 
Instagram: xswine Chinatown, Manhattan. Tryin to do that art thing. Good auras always welcome. Mild stalking allowed. IG: pharaohspeaks 511 looking for someone to cuddle and smoke w me Not here for hookups. 

If you can name an episode of the Office, there's a 100% chance I can recite a quote from it.
Hobbies include: the gym, the gym, and the gym? 
Talents include:
Singing on key
Turning any conversation into a socio-political debate. Columbia University '16. Yangon/New York.  sad girl looking for someone whos great at what they do;) 

bonus points if you have good music taste

my name isnt emily! initially made this as a joke havent been able to change it

 visiting brooklyn for a few days and want to have some fun  advocate for the Academy Award that Blockers (2018) was robbed of


Also,  20 not 23. Thats what I get for lying about my age to wrongfully make a Facebook at age 13. Visiting, indefinitely

Tinder is behaving erratically high concepts, low brow There's always room to improve yourself.  Mad funny person to be around. 420 friendly & a little eccentric. I dont message first
Or just follow me on 
Snap jessieannburger Just got a blender. It's been exhilarating. Let's make smoothies 
 Live love Cortland I love dogs  and coffee  New on this , 21 years old , Ecuadorian Just being petty I have an extreme obsession with Jim Halpert.  a chef so you can guarantee a great meal give me your best pick up line! 
  i work at an art gallery and im 510 Your pet is cooler than you.

 a walking paradox - but balance is the motto.

NYC Bred, Nature Birthed. 

Mother of dogs so how do you feel about claws?

Fire Sun, Fire Rising, Earth Moon, Water Venus. 6

Brooklyn. Management consulting. Professional wedding date on the side. 

Not into personality tests, unaffiliated with Hogwarts, and simply not privy to any inflatable unicorn rafts. I do, however, have a specific pair of socks that I feel very attached to. Beauty fades, money is forever. trying to have some fun boo!

Musicians Id like to add to my profile:
Stevie Wonder
Amy Winehouse
India.Arie
Emily King
Theolonius Monk
Dinah Washington
Sarah Vaughn
Nas


nyc  im boring in FinTech. Live in midtown, work in TriBeCa

Love grabbing coffee, drinks, rooftops, observation decks, 

Apple junkie  i want the d

(decolonisation)

ig: @ng__yonghe

Yale '18 | Ethnicity, Race & Migration If only reading burned more calories, then Id be skinny in no time. 
Law student who is currently miserable. 
Let me know if you want to be miserable together.  Will never love you as much as I love Costco A shipwreck in a bottle.

One of those "i like art" type girls.

Let's talk to about all things Dark&Dostoyevsky. 

  pretty nerdy, high energy and take my Instagram way too seriously! 

Work in Chelsea, live in BK.

Other fun facts:
Marketing Grad  
Swimmer and Swim Coach
I support efforts to colonise Mars
I'm a geek when it comes to anything tech 
I've binge watched HTGAWM, Suits, White Collar, Heroes, Quantico, and ATLAB
I quote the Incredibles on a daily basis
I often drink beer with a silly straw 


SC: dkjames24 
@dylanka  // NYC based // Frequent traveler

Into contemporary art, movies, and funky electronic music

I steal peoples stories (for a living) so that the federal government can put them in a building surrounded by armed guards  

Inquire within  will probably get distracted by someones dog on a date? 

 into many stuffmovies, arts, and psychology ( actually taking classes, fyi)!? Icelandic. Media executive, radio host, DJ, spinning instructor and lecturer from Iceland. 
Frequently in London.

A day without laughter is a day wasted - Charlie Chaplin 
 Cozy bebs only 
Blush chablis is my water
Pan
Nyc Uuuhhhh i dont talk about real life things lets keep the conversation mindless n cute thanks 
 Insta: @erikkaschlott

East Village.

French & Lithuanian.

ISTJ.

58. Wholesome-ish I work at a tech startup helping students navigate their overwhelming amount of debt. My job involves a bit of travel, but I am based in NYC.

My interests:
 dank memes
 good pizza
 an empty kitchen sink
 the smell of a new book (even though I dont read)
 men with an above-average median salary for their age group 

If it matters:  53, 140lbs, ENFJ

For compatibility: 
- LTR oriented
- Driven men are a must
-  a verse top @mr_troycampbell Usually at the beach or gym Small town folk in the big city  just tryna meet new people and make friends 

I speak English, Spanish, French and sarcasm

Bus admin 
Poli sci  pen15 club VT to NYC Pronounced like John-Luke for my non-French speakers and  not French (ironic)

If you like chocolate youll like me 
And if you dont, youll still like me  Aussie gal lookin for a pal to be my full time translator. Current problem word: oat. Apply within. Just moved to NYC from sunny California.
Actor. Open-minded. Big heart. Weird in all the right ways.  Lets become friends and go on an adventure  
59 pan heaux  
blackademic 
flower boi  
(making) art 
longboarding 
getting lit  Graphic designer from South Korea, currently based in New York. Hey! My name is Abimael, Abe (ah bee) for short! I'm looking for a cool person and good converations! I'm currently a dental student and soon to be bio medical student :) aBOuT mE 

Moved to NYC for graduate school last year to study learning analytics. Working 3 jobs. Dying a bit every day.

About 5% of my matches actually respond to me. Success?

Passionate about social justice. Leave your racism, sexism, classism at the door   really bad at this whole tinder thing. 
I have a dog and like salt and vinegar potato chips. And wine.
Just looking for the Tuxedo Mask to my Sailor Moon 
Instagram: sydneylynn86 Work as an architect in DUMBO, live in Bushwick.  originally from NYC but in Maryland for school
I workout / go to the gym, but that doesnt stop me from eating chipotle 
 always up to travel anywhere, so hit me up! Especially for dates or meet ups! 
I model a lil for shops in soho
If we match hit me up i dont bite! 
Snap: conorx18 critical of institutions of power but still loves Cheesecake Factory 

here for good convos & a good time  Not from Victorious
NYU
 bilingual and thats totally a personality trait
 HMU with your zodiac sign  herb   friendly & chill  
5-10 Vegan. Taurus. Grandma friend. Passionate about human rights, 90s new wave, and the Oxford comma. 

Here for banter, dog pics, and something of substance. Lets grab a pint and adventure. yes hi  I'm Trevor. I do what I like and love what I do.

Real News. Real Honest Opinions. 

Work, sports, beer, food, netflix, rinse, repeat.

Wandering enthusiast.   im between semesters aka its cuffing season bih - no we cant fuck 
- Good Vibes 
- hmu & ask for my snap 
- Officially a red head again  Recent college grad, just moving back to the nyc area. Working in Manhattan 
Talk to me about sports, politics, musicals, or beer. Hoping to meet some new people and keep the adventures coming. LTR oriented 
61

Huge fan of Lil Sebastian If we match lets smoke!
Gemini!  look through my eight eye holes uh oh Operations and Supply Chain Management

Concerts. Food. Naps. Adventures.

Lets grab a drink  Fashion [business] student

Into bubble tea and long walks looking for someone to please keep me warm please its cold. And ya know, sorry if I dont respond right away I dont have my notifications on. 

 Looking for my first ex-husband.  aspiring NEET Wanna come over and destroy each other emotionally? It's for my art Been in New York for three years, and Austin before that.

Looking for a guy who values friendships, fitness, and travel as much as I do.

510 This is like my fourth Tinder, don't add me if you already have me on social media. Add me on Snapchat LETTERSTO_ASHH NO INSTAGRAM Floridian living in NYC as of February. I create visual art through my photography. Good morals, good smiles and good times welcome. I am fun, flirty, sweet and kind. My favorite things are Lana Del Rey, Pokemon, Films, Musicals and Art Galleries. This summer I intern for a photography studio, attend a 3 month design program, and work for a members only club in Dumbo. Do not ask me about masc and fem. Everyone has their own definitions.  here for fun, friends, models and maybe a date. Yer
Ig: xxsabeenaxx
Looking for someone to smoke with and grab food lover of all things art. taurus. infj. animal lover. filmmaker. advocate of humanitarianism & equality. probably 45 irl, & a total cat lady. make me laugh. 

vote. 

may or may not be a witch... 


psa- dont be a dick. respect women. Pansexual nerd. 

Teacher of tiny ones. 

Plant based.

 I'd rather stay in and read or watch a movie. 

Ethically non monogamous. Tisch Drama 2019 

From Maryland going to school in NY. Like adventures, nature, music, whatever. Only lookin for something casual..nothing serious..I can host...not on this alot..so heres my nmmbber ninohnine fivoh oh threeforthree oh.. 21. Dancer. Choreographer. Originally from the PNW. Recently moved to NYC  7 foot

Only listens to sickomode

Here 4 a long time not a good time Hi im valeria,  looking for a partner doing films with me. In one CONDITION. Its on MY TERMS not yours! so if you are interested let me know message me on instagram @great_sunrise12 emotional intelligence or bust Surf. Paint. Drink. Repeat. NYU'19 Pre-Med Come as a package. Red hot chili pepper enthusiasts. Loves a good scone with clotted cream. Once a fake vegan. Into movies, dinner dates, red wine and Stevie Nicks.
Canadian living in NYC 51 and Jewish half syrian half pissed off
my uber rating is 4.6
also looking for a husband Singer/Actor attending grad school for Music Theatre Vocal Performance at NYU. 

New to the city and looking for someone to adventure with. Relationship oriented. 

No I dont sing spontaneously, but if I do you better not judge me. You gotta love pizza because  gonna love it a lot more than you.  I still pronounce it wed-nes-day in my head to spell the word. 

I enjoy genuine connection, so be a real human being. Stimulate me - with conversation. Positivity is key!  if you bump to SZA, hmu So  a good person , like I dont know how to articulate this properly , but I really have a good heart!!!  just kind of kinky and looking for someone who possesses the same interests !

Excuse my lack of pictures , can prove  real via snap FaceTime whatever rocks your boat !

Hobbies include but not limited to - eating good food, listening to quality music , watching good films,  on tinder because  tired of getting to know people only to find out they arent open minded :(. Loves reading, eats adventurously, always learning, and always laughing. Bonus points if you like boba

Please msg first  are you down doing things that you never tried before? Well tbh I'm looking for a partner doing films and if you're down feel free to check and message me on instagram>>rednancy28

Forever jamming to music & tryna find people with pretty teeth
PS. If I super liked you, 99% of the time, it was on accident 
Oh, and thats my godchild  511 
cancer/gemini
mexican 

that girl just looks like taylor I swear lmao 

ig @fagpoet what.ever. (Insert clever opening here)

Medical student. Funny, gamer (Smash Bros or League anyone?), sailor, adventurer, workout, 6'2", 30 rock enthusiast, sometimes drink more than I should especially during mario kart; looking for similar guys.

Visiting NYC for a while,  is Houston moved from mtl to ny 
traveling, netflixing, spending money on overpriced restaurants and drinking too much coffee sums my life up soft but strong Garbage, but like, the good kind. Love to travel and eat all of the food. Dancing feeds my soul, you better know how to boogie (or I can teach ya)  Catsitting Taking efforts to get used to this city. Love concerts, opera, and exercise. Trying to wake up early for jogging everyday but failed lol. Friends and fun are welcome. Seems like  the only one that doesnt smoke. So dont ask if I wanna chill for that 

Employed
Working towards my Masters
Looking for something genuine...its all about the approach.

Perhaps not the best site to find future bae   i love noodles !! 
my corgis name is waffles pls compliment her

lookin to have deep convos bc i dont have friends who live near me! pls n thx A brief aside: first, yes, I super liked you because I wanted to. Second, cuffing szn is year-round.

 
Economist and Statistician at CMU. 
English, Spanish, Arabic speaker.
Wearing blankets is a full time hobby.
Love dance but I'm not good.
Nerd by way of anime and video games.
Proud cat dad.

Insta: @__winstagraham__ dont be gross bit of an asshole from what  told 62 / Madrid / Law
Spaniard in town for the year. Currently at UT Law.
Hit me up with any outdoors plans, looking forward to making new friends. 25 | Queens/LI | Puerto Rican & Black  

 Send me recs for Tokyo  Pittsburgh by birth, New York by choice
NYU psych/sociology
het? more like  
if you dislike 4/4 time as much as I do, well get along great
im mostly vines at this point  Computer engineering major 
 Art/Music/Theater enthusiast 

I'm just looking for a guy that's emotionally available and also not filled with bees 

  Tell me your theories on Aurelius Dumbledore Dogs or gtfo Pete Davidson Energy 
This is just LinkedIn but for sex
(They/them) 5 feet of awesomeness 

adventures, going out with friends, drinking, running, hiking, traveling, laying down on the beach, reading, watching movies/shows, meditating, eating, blasting music message me a song I can hardcore vibe too pls

56
^^that seems to work for other bios ig

hard work gets you success, bottom line.

chill, funny and just living life. Depends how much you want to know Active girl looking to stay active.
Love to wine and dine but just make sure to burn the calories off with me :P
Coffee addict, too.  Illuminati confirmed. My obsessions include Donnie Darko and bubble tea. hi, my name is chelsea. whats your favorite dinner food?

please understand my vine references. otherwise i can only form 2 coherent sentences. 
Tisch Drama - also play piano.

sc/insta: cameroff7 My nipples are more sensitive than my dick +Into hockey, sci-fi, video games, poetry, and cats
+My opening bit is usually about astrology
+If you look like a lumberjack or wear a lot of flannel, that's definitely a plus
+Bi as fuck 
+5'3", or at least that's what I put on my driver's license
+Half , half 
+I love to argue about cinematography and writing
+I only drink IPAs like some sort of white dad
+
+I love mediocre frat boys
+Be warned that I will never choose you over my friends, so you gotta be okay w/that
 Born in , family is from  and .
Lived in  and now .
Lets see how good your flag game is 
Love losing myself with art, with people and with nature. 
geeky 
ENFP Only match if you like bts, I want someone to bond over gReat music with just looking for someone to eat pasta with  Brooklyn boy by way of TX. 
SC and IG: @thisguywillie

Anyone on here actually down to meet? Lets grab a drink or coffee instead of chatting on this app  Living in the LES. 510 Columbia grad student living in New York. If I popped up elsewhere, I'm visiting. 

Not always on here, try DM me on instagram instead.

5'7 NYC based Danseuse toile among other things 
 Looking for some adventure in my life. Between juggling working in a hospital and being a full time pharmacy student;  I'm looking to enjoy and make the most of my free time. Looking for someone who wants to try new things and be spontaneous. Life's too short to wasting being bored. Challenge me and let's see the world together. 
-Vegan
-Animal lover 
-Future Doctor in Pharmacy
-Native New Jersey-an 
-Movie buff  24, 511, 181lb 
Intelligence Analyst - Army National Guard 
Work & Live in Jersey City, NJ  
Open to chat, dates, and LTR.
(Vers Bottom) nh / nyc 

i run , make music, and eat lots of food  Mario Kart champion

Likes: tattoos, hot toddies, meth, cold weather, cherry things
Dislikes: slow walkers, the MTA, fanny packs, cucumbers, melted chapstick I need me a goofy nigga who knows how to touch my butt, feed me pizza, and go to Sephora with me. 
Swipe right, if you're willing to engage in a conversation.

LTR

Unlearn. Relearn. Decolonize. Revolt? 

Insta: @kiskeyass super likes are accidental Dont ask me to be your cuddle buddy. Dog mom. If you like game of thrones and parks & rec we will prob get along Life is just testing me, but ima just let it rock idek what to put here anymore  from New York not really a people person, but this could be fun
always down for adventures Brooklyn | 59 Travel & fitness enthusiast. Business major. Latina  NYC Love to travel, but also love SSX tricky FIT 
EDM Looking for a big n tall man to knit a sweater for Likes: soup, fries, 90s sitcoms
Dislikes: the taste of ginger Dont like dogs?.. dont like you 

Apparently to be a guy on tinder you have to fish and or live for the gym bro? just calling out what I see... so no, your bio is not that original. 

Other then that lets have fun hi, im nik and I think i might be on here for the wrong reasons.
to be honest, i just got out of a long-term relationship and realized how socially isolated i am and it's kind of hard to meet people when all i do is work.
im 19, a trans male, and im really into music. i can play a few instruments (badly). im also really into manga, drawing, and cooking.
i just would like to meet people here and if something happens i guess that's cool. if you're into emotional wrecks hmu. i just like gentle ppl Probably eating rn NYU 2018
Gemini
Bronx born
Avid traveller Bob the Drag Queen spanked my ass.

Ask me about it. MENSWEAR. EYEWEAR. PARSONS '18  im like barely 5'1 and a Certified Medical Assistant and First Aider for my ambulance crew. Cats are really cool. if we match message me my notifications never show up lmaoo. also not 20? Let me smoke you up && talk about your day
Oh yeahh a Chef  yes Ill cook for you
You gotta have goals Soon-to-be lawyer. Ann Arbor  NYC

Bars are still cool. So are dates. Worship me
Ig: @emmulanix Here r my puns: Jill of all trades, just jillin, Netflix and Jill, Jill pickle, jilbo baggins, jilly rancher, pb & jilly, who wants to be a jillionaire, I'm from Argentina 

SC: m.antogodoyor
IG: m.anto.godoy Spreadsheet jockey (analyst) from Brooklyn. In my spare time I enjoy podcasts,l, reading, road trips, going to museums, and brewing coffee (espresso, cold brew, French press, I can do it all). 

I'm always up for checking out live music, stand up comedy, or art galleries. 22 |  | Music | Food | Travel | Coffee | Yoga IG-> aaren_aer
Netter mit einer Affinitt fr Sprachen! :) 
 As cliche as it may seem. This new year will be my year. This app and this age is a strange one swipe left swipe right. It doesnt matter. If we do match just know I am working hard to improve my self in anyway I can. You can join me on my journey and we can grow together. Or you can swipe left and keep searching in the abyss. I dont actually know how to roller blade. Not yet at least. Be the test tube

Illustration major, could use a muse tbh
Tell me your favorite song?
Scorpio  

Venmo is @olidavs26 if youre feeling generous I am pretty bad at these types of things so be patient with me. But, I am kind, quiet, and love immensely. Looking for the best spot to eat in NY.  what are your intentions with my daughter Bad at self description and being a human in general New to Nyc from Pittsburgh. Like basketball, drag race, and comedy. 66 My friend make me do this. I'm Colombian Looking for a REAL MAN 
Der er stor sandsynlighed for at jeg er klogere end dig 
Jeg er en naturlig, sd og oprigtig pige, der ikke er bange for at sige, hvad jeg tnker og fler 
I min fritid holder jeg af at vre i naturen, trne i fitness, rejse og se s meget af verden som muligt, samt at mde nye mennesker og sl mig ls p diverse dansegulve (nr jeg alts er blevet fuld nok
)
Da jeg selv er 172 hj, skal du helst vre 185 
IG emilie_bruzelius_eisinger BK/RI

Looking for somebody thats just as pissed about things as I am Actually 7 years old. Work in tech.

Not a bribe: I have literally thousands of credits to use on travel and want to go places with people. Just sayin'

Swipe right and say hey :-)    

These are some of my favorite things:


: Acgisme 

(Willing to lie about how we met)

Myers-Briggs: IDGAF I like to drink wine and talk 
I dont know how to cook (its a long story) but  slowly learning.
Let me know if you can teach me how to play guitar
My dogs name is Hazel and shes my whole world Ina Gartens Grandson/ Abby Lee Millers Godson but  actually *20 IG: mariabrodersen taco lover with a thing for Basquiat, iced coffee, and punctuation. 
argue with me about music
i like dates to like a deserted island of some sort but like also we can take a walk.... actually yeah i think a walk would be best. Just ask LOL  Virgo nationSCb_hernandez007 FBDavid Yoki Hearns Uhm  me short hm fat chunky bbw what ever people call it.  Lol I say fat but thats me , and oh yeah cute smile #Hiiiiiii #newyearnewme LETS MATCH AND NEVER CONVERSE, U tinder match hoarders im 6'2 if it matters 
ISFJ 
I love to laugh. But im a very artistic guy. i love neosoul and spoken word. umm i absolutely love to laugh nd make people laugh. im a homebody as well i really dont like clubs. id rather stay home n watch a couple good movies or laid up cuddling with my partner. i may be 26but im 16 at heart lol Witty, brilliant, and very humble. New Yorker visiting Uruguay for the week. Points if youre from the Midwest Product of divorce 

62 if it gets there 49

IG: needle_therapist The most important thing you need to know about me is that Ive never ever lost a thumb war in my life I make music but its just okay

Just looking for a man who loves Billy Joel as much as I do

Dm me ur exs secrets

Do u wanna kiss or what NYU Gallatin Grad student in computer science 

Drinking tea most of the time

Looking for someone to try new restaurants or play switch ;)

58 California girl visiting my sisters for the week in NY.
Vegan, yogi, amateur model
Blonde as of recent
ig: zoe.danii From London
Iranian/Afghan
Hablo espaol
Pro trump
 Love horror movie/ Always in New York/ Enjoy hanging around in soho when I have nothing to do @sheilaskelley New in the city, looking for some friends Into art, a24 films, & alliteration.  fairly open to new experiences & enjoy spontaneity. Looking for someone of substance to drink substances with 

Reading: Eros & Civilization
2018 Concert Count: 28

California  New York broooooooklyn I got naked in front of 200 people once

I like scary movies. You don't have to  Rowing is one and only sports I do. I paint, photo, write and film. I am just a kid enjoying his life traveling here and there and now I am in New York for school.

Me in detail
I am interested in politic however I do not support certain political party. I've lived in 4 continents and looking for one to visit others.  Lets go to Syria with bunch of Cameras and have refugee kids to take pictures. So we can see the hope amongst the grim. : former public health researcher now grad student 
: coffee, pub trivia, hiking, board games, the beach, music, comedy, and spontaneous day trips.                                          : New to Baltimore (Mount Vernon), often in Brooklyn                      
Share a fun fact with me!                               "And if there is more of the world i will reach it" - Cames  Writer. East Village. Enjoy good conversation and spontaneous adventures. Tattoos arent real but kinda wish they were.

IG: @arvinahmadi yuri as in yuriko
monogamy is a no! 
artist living in the LES  Visiting NY, I like science (and other stuff too). I don't enjoy Drag related *entertainment*. Sleeping alone? In THIS economy?

Home for the holidays. Mexico  
MBA 2020  
West Village  https://newyork.craigslist.org/mnh/mis/d/new-york-city-who-took-the-photo/6789377923.html    @whetpage East village. 

Working in reality tv production @ MTV  From Japan


IG: @__yoshimune__ Actor / Director / Pug dad / Virgo / 63 / Emotionally intelligent / fresh to the BK area. Lets connect! 
NYC 
Bi 
Friends and folly Play with my hair and feed me strawberries New-ish to NYC. 
Psychology Major. I like music, travel, cats, tats, horror movies, Aram games, and cheap drinks. 
My cat will always be more important than you. 
I have cool hair but lack 7 evil exes: win-win.  Psychology graduate from Georgia in Brooklyn now. Play tennis, love the outdoors, games, reading, and hanging with friends. Always looking for new gay friends and eventually more. 

Whats ur best pick up line? Hit me up and if you tell me urs, Ill tell u mine. ;) Bartender in lower east side 
come say hi and lets have a drink!:) Just your average bisexual. My days are spent procrastinating, playing with animals, and rewatching B99, The Good Place, and GoT. I also occasionally study.  fine arts student 5ft 2in
Jr in college 
Always with friend just dancing
Want to see more about me my Instagram is the best way 
@rosemorgan13 Literally what is up Thinking about: teaching yoga, attending my next concert, taking advantage of every day

Personality: chill if you mess up my food order but i was really looking forward to those cheese fries

Alternate reality career: stand up comic (going to see Conan in a few weeks!)

Favorite emojis:  6'1

Sometimes life's easy sometimes its hard

Let's find out what we have in common nyc thru and thru! tinder is trash yet here i am (also, superlikes are ACCIDENTS) sloth luvr & noodle queen  //
first pic is my linkedin default, so at least you know my brand is consistent 
from santa cruz, ca I could talk about me, but Id much rather learn something about you  Hello Lovelies,

My name is catt and I recently moved to  NYC for work. By day I work as a freelance scenic artist and by night I am artist. When I am not in my studio I am running barefoot in the forest.

PS. Perk if you are  into short nerdy girls acknowledge climate change

im 510 dont fucking touch me im serious Probably having a bad case of insomnia.


Two Truths, One Like


 NYC 

ask me about my goat

Insta: sethrobinson_97 NYC  Minnesota boy at heart
64 Open Mind  Part time hockey coach, full time emperors new groove enthusiast 

Insta: eyarmy Studying my butt off! 
I do not share food.
Not as cool as I think I look. 
Crunching the numbs. Pansexual pierogi 

Horror, punk rock, snowboarding, social work, tattoos 


NYC/PA I have a couple tattoos and piercings.  a Gemini if that matters. I have a cat. I love my job and cooking on the line. I also love to butcher. Three word that describe me are very fucking cool.  a big rick and morty fan as well.  a nerd who loves tasty food, dancing, and a good drink.  a simple girl just looking to meet new people. Message me 
Ps. Dont ask me to Cook for you if I wanted to I would offer. Not trying to be a bitch just trying to save your ass from being ghosted. Work as a media planner in Fidi live in East Village. Three things I like: Costco sized wine, the aisle seat, every dog I meet.

If we match say hi ;)

 BUF-CLE-NYC

Whats your seamless order? Straight Men have a horrible marketing team. New to this....and might even fill this out before I delete this app  Just looking for someone to drink frozen margs with. I live in Queens, but work in FiDi.

Bonus points if youre a Kehlani fan. White rice (always ask for extra)  Black Beans  Veggies  Barbacoa  Spicy salsa for  Mild Salsa for volume  Corn  Lettuce  Cheese  Someone wanna take me out or spoil me? Friends 
Family 
Fun 
May or may not have a mild drinking problem 
Moving to New York on December 28th of 2018! To be my tour guide please apply within!  actually 17 turning 18,  easy to talk to. If you like me just HMU if you want to be friends or more. I dont trade  amosc: Beautyqueen2you West coast girl on the East coast, need someone to show me around!! Harlem, NY
IG: @davidreidenberg 511.5f tall + high heels lover
Non-OP Transgender female (No, it's not a Halloween costume).
Born in Siberia(part of Russia), living in NYC
Please, mind your own business and respect others.
Not on app to be your next hookup gal.
I like fit guys with a sense of humour  5'2".Tiny af but i love it.Fashion, doggos and working outTrying to see the world before i hit 30!Snap: evasnaps1 Writer.
ig: tiff_bey 24 | UWS | CU Grad Student

My favorite things consist of first dates and last calls Wassup  someone help me write a funny bio commuting between dc and nyc for dec/jan
just looking for fun times and good people
 Vegas Raised
Manhattan Living

 Snapchat: simply_lynne Jesus died for somebodys sins but not mine coffee aficionado (Dunkin Donuts), joke teller (dad jokes), wine chugger (two buck chuck), real good actress (please cast me)

will cry at dogs on the street, come join me  trapped inside this app! Someone help me escape!!!

Likes: alt/indie rock, traveling, roller coasters, all food, iced coffee, comedy, and art. 

Dislikes: Trump and guns. 

Please be tall 

Lets get coffee/pizza and explore the city Positive vibes only  One Kiss It's all it's take  Dog dad. Recent MBA graduate. Ex college soccer player. Boston & CT are home  Thank you for being around 
We can be friends #Diversity.
I'm 27 Years Old
Nice to meet you all
Want to have Friends too. 
I'm a good person.
I love a  cat .  Add My Snapchat @ thickjawn69  Grad student
BKBUF Lmao  just an army Graduated and forging my path forwards :) Looking for friends, fellow writers, stoners and people to have great conversations with.

Love being outdoors and I've been missing a hiking buddy for a while (also looking for a workout buddy lol). Sucker for Netflix and good Sci Fi shows :)  :-) A goal of mine for 2019 is to make more genuine connections!  So while  ideally looking for something serious, I wouldnt be opposed to making a good friend either :)


Insta: raidthisway

// Check It Out: me
@maaaaaaaason NYC 
Baruch 19 I am living in Mexico right now, I want to move to New York, I still believe in love and I always wanted to marry someone from there, looking for a partner who wants to live with me immediately, let's begin our life together, if things turn out well between us, then we can get married.                                                        Unmatch me immediately if you aren't interested in my profile. No Hookups, I know what I want and I am only looking for a serious relationship. Guess which is me  Hey My Name Is Angie , Sexy Fun HighlyAddictive , I Dominican  
Love food 
I like to have fun 
Capricorn   living in 

IG: spenceharv Hi, how are ya? Brazilian, 21
IG: @gustavorochaa Hey send me a message and say hi. Does anyone actually want a wife anymore :((
Msg me  if u wanna talk
Insta: virgosuicide 

My father's name was Dwight Schrute. My grandfather's name was Dwight Schrute. His father's name Dwide Schrude. Amish.

  not a kill....  add my snap: lovely_shya abetting the renaissance of witty banter and quixotic dates. one dick at a time

making the most out of life before grad school keen on adventures, filthy repartee, sushi, noods, gin, late night pillow talk, make out marathon, rough missionary, cowboy, kinks, personality+brain>brawn, dive bar>club Seattle  DC  NYC
Grad student at NYU 
#uwalum

Healthcare Professional 

MBTI Results: ENTJ

: ajhayy Dont waste my time wheres bae?
Latino.nyc Scorpio gang ! Lets go out and see what happens  Pt. Beach Looking for BF Actually 20


Single mom to a bulldog puppy

Odds are my hair is a different color than any of my pictures 

Can you guess my favorite football team? Recently moved to NYC, working in presentation graphics. Looking to meet new people and explore the city. Always down for drinks! Actor | Singer | Dancer | Prancer | Vixen

-ESTP/T-Ravenclaw

 from Virginia/DC area but I just moved to BK, show me around!

I'm the guy who loves RuPaul's Drag Race and Game of Thrones but also religiously watches HGTV

A relationship would be ideal but thats a loose term.  mainly looking for someone whom I can talk nonsense and dance ridiculously with so HMU  
Currently looking to hang and chill with new people. Enjoy going with the flow and no that doesnt mean hookup. Unless the vibe is there, but that isnt the agenda here. Add me on snap : emilysil06
RU 2020
Be the Troy to my Gabriella
Yankees 
 Instagram: @littlemissshannon  Originally from Hawaii. 

 Brooklyn 
TriBeCa 

Not looking for anything serious while totally LOOKING FOR SOMETHING SERIOUS.

Grey Patagonias to the front  Food lover 
Gym rat  
DOWN FOR FUN
 My dream man is Jim Halpert NYC || Work in media in Midtown

IG: @DavidIsHereNow Colombian new in NJ Serbian. Law student.
Just moved to NYC. Still getting lost everywhere I go.
WARNING: if you are too handsome Ill probably swipe left. 
chill ppl i can smoke with and talk to would be amazing  Sometimes I start sentences, and I don't even know where it's going. I just hope I find it along the way. Whats good 

Ig laurathedon DL FUN ADD ME ON SNAPCHAT STWENTY9 Hey i like beer and cooking videos. im 21. Into Bahamian hollering  ig @whatmonth As someone studying Game Design theres a very important question I have to ask.... PlayStation or Xbox? May or may not be the plug 
MechE in the making 
Dog lover - Guess my favorite breed Hey my name is Alexis Diamond 
Cash app me Aries 
Sarcastic AF
Short but more like a Fairy Princess
Ive got the whole purpose driven, warrior princess, save the world type of vibe... Or so Ive been told LOOOKING A BOYFRIEND 
About me:
/
52 libra 
(All colors welcomed) 

Requirements:
Passport 
Not a liar or cheater periodtt! 
NO KIDS!!!!!!
VISITS THE DOCTOR REGULARLY  St. Johns University 18 | NYC Bisexual 
Gender fluid 
Model
Teacher 
Traveller and much more  I'm a great catch, not really, I can't sport to save my life. Please don't throw anything at me, I'll drop it.

Accomplishments:
Sleeping 24 hours straight
Haven't died yet
Perfecting winged eyeliner
Disappointing my parents

Activities:
Modeling
Cosplaying
Traveling
Not dying
 Heya I'm on snappy more so you can find me on damnniceboobs (one word). I am just out of a relationship so only here for older men :) Will Tinder ever develop a swipe by race setting? 
BLACK GIRLS DIS WAY
ERRTHANG ELSE DAT WAY i look like lil bill  IG: _iprincess_x3                                              Mixed ethnicity 
NO HOOKUPS                              

Braces 
Attracted to White, Spanish, & Asian guys 
Bilingual
Singing, dancing, & acting 
5'4"
Live in Bronx, NYC YURRRRR
A little attitude aint never hurt nobody 
Dominican accent when I get upset                P.s  Not Fuxking Nice
ITS DEAD ASS CUFFIN SEASON THO Chicago  NYC Lets travel the world

IG: Piashd dont check this often, msg me on ig 22
outdoors is my favorite 
i love to four wheeel . Camping . Fishing. Hmu I'm pretty caring and fun .
 I don't judge so feel free to message :) 
I have a beautiful son #momlife
I am a fire fighter 
I take care of the elderly 
If you cant handle thick girls I'm not the one for you 
My cat is my best friend 
My dog is pretty cool too  i work in music & drink too much coffee

ig: @emilycbartholomew hawaii to nyc
insta: laurfuckingcar New to NYC, recently got my master degree. Love music, movie and play a little bit tennis and have a simple life. LTR oriented
ig: @how000222 Moved to D.C from Europe, can you guess where  from? 


Hint: my country is very cold, I have something in common with Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Ikea is my home away from home.

I can be pretty bad at answering so heres my Snapchat: cjacceb Animator/designer working at Psyop. @safanimation for my art insta . Into fitness (could you tell), gaming, and quoting the office. 54 if that matters. We can get to know eachother on snapchat: Brooksjenna97 Looking to have some fun! Blahblahblahblah - Tinder bio doesnt matter at all. Change my mind. Aspiring DINC

Lets talk about why lakes are better than beaches 
From  to  
LTR oriented ill give you a good yelp review Youre a fine piece of real estate and  gonna get me some land you cant match my fly
snapchat  jaaaycee21 ig/snapchat: obeytonioo

living in new york 
contemporary artist 
graduate student 
ask about my interests Youre not unique if you like puppies and the office, but youre not wrong. 
no one wants to see u hold a dead fish tho Live in New York. Half English-half Indian, born in London and grew up across many countries. Friends, workout buds, drinks, FWB, fun - open to whatever this throws up but chemistry is key! 
Any classpass/Barrys guys here or Fire Island hosts?
Feel free to follow me on Insta @thekapslife
Swipe right only if you intend to chat/meet. Student at The New School studying Contemporary Music!

I love coffee and traveling

Love 80s movies 

Favorite band- Chvrches
Favorite music genre: electronic

Sagittarius   a simple girl with simple needs. 
sleep. food. sunlight
I love rollercoasters and jazz
Not really into movies/films but Ill cuddle you for 2+ hrs np 
cuffing season is upon us and  cold
swipe left if youre an idiot Follow me on IG: @Angeljp0507 
People tend not to read this, therefore, there is no point in writing anything. Lets match or add me on Instagram to learn more about me. brooklyn, ny

I play a mean game of foosball The snack that smiles back  looking for friends, recently move from Brazil!

 a very interesting person, my life is a tv shower where I dont know what  doing with my life! Lets grad a coffee in nyc and talk abou conspiracy theories always pulling on the push door
//
poet & aspiring archivist
I am allergic to cats 19&single
No hookups 
Asshole w feelings
IG: coco.huncho 
Sc: Pettykayx09
I come w flaws deal w it or swipe left idc who are you people LA
IG: joeaichd Originally from the UK. New to NYC.
If you cant spend endless hours looking at memes  going to kindly ask you to smash that red X as we simply arent compatible. I listen to your anthem. Just moved to NYC in July. Looking for dates and super smash bros. 

Masc is short for mascara, right? 

Tall, smart & funny & I have HBO. 

  hablo espaol Basically looking for someone to hangout in underwear all day then decide we should be social 

Let's settle this: boxers or briefs?

@seraglio467 Respectable men only Ask me!

Work as an ER doc 
NYC
510 180lbs

IG: @dr.jaswal From Colorado, working in the airlines
ENFJ | Enneagram 4 | Left: handed and my political persuasion | 6 3 Note to self: After a long day of work, I dont want to see that  
Will dance to house and techno music for many hours

Non monogamous with a primary partner

Ina Garten stan 

Anyone into roller disco? Trying to learn.

Working for the youth

x the n is silent Georgia transplant. Playwright, PR to pay the bills. Long term is the bomb diggity. Tap dancing away from bad vibes since 1994. Really just on here to find a smoking buddy  Only talk to me if your prefrontal cortex is fully developed Cant keep my eyes open 
 19 not 21 Some people call me a slut, but  also an alcoholic.  Ohio-raised
 NYC is home
 TheRealBeels 

The only thing in life I take seriously is making sure that I don't take anything too seriously  Ask me on a date, and catch me if you can I love Scrabble & U2 Break my heart

Boston/New York
insta @claire.y.f LOL TO THAT VID

Big on honesty.  very direct and it can be frightening .

Name isnt Max.
NYC born and raised.
55 

Interests:
FOOD. Cooking, Movies (Marvel, Action, comedy...almost everything), Music (Pop)

Education:
CCNY 21
Compsi Major (Still dont know what  doing in life!)

Looking for friends/relationship. Not into hookups. Bottom if it matters? a bit shy but im trying my best. 

@teddyorourke If youre looking for something serious DM me on IG.  really bad at math

 Don't ask if my hair color is natural, you can't fake it

Typically in Manhattan


 Bridges make me horny 
Add me on snaps ; lady-jikininki  Opinionative graphic designer Looking for laughs and good times! Say hey   a certified night owl, and I love music, coffee, searching for the spiciest food possible, and a good drink. Thats it for the bio, can ask me more.  SC: lillybeth1990

Looking for a guy who can give me a good time and be a gentleman. 

I love to travel and try new foods! IG  @Shadeyyyyy Ovulating

Slide into my DMs: @imarocyourworld Looking to date outside my league. Inbox me to get to know more about me 

I am a single mom to a BEAUTIFUL princess  Here to have the best time. Also know that I have amazing taste in anything music, tv etc.